http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120512-Neon-Genesis-Evangelion
 Neon Genesis Evangelion
 Hey Everyone, Its a topic about NGE---again. I saw a thread about questions, but how about opinions and reviews? Sorry, if ever there was already-- I apologize in advance. Anyway, I would like to know if how you guys find the story line of NGE from before, and how would you feel if it would be recreated again. and Could anyone discuss their opinions about how they understood NGE?? 
 I'm Happy to have My lovely friends: Ka-san Flemmes, Brother Habiki & Takera, Bhestfriend(Inferno) and the Rest of my A4 Family~ 
 Wait, wasn't it already recreated with the Movie parts ? (You can not advance etc. etc.) Anyway, i think NGE is highly overrated, it was ok, but its not like its better than other mecha. Also, towards the end it was pretty much mindf' ck and having WTF moments all the time. 
 "Create your dream, live your dream, be your dream"
 Originally Posted by Choccs Wait, wasn't it already recreated with the Movie parts ? (You can not advance etc. etc.) Anyway, i think NGE is highly overrated, it was ok, but its not like its better than other mecha. Also, towards the end it was pretty much mindf' ck and having WTF moments all the time. Thank you for replying to me here. However, I was hoping I could get a clearer view. Since, I dunno if the series was shown in a story type or it was really in bits and pieces like puzzle of what I normally find in the OVA and movie CD. because when I first watch the series, it was aired way back in the 90's so, there were a whole lot of stuff that was being cut. I got a hard time understanding, but still enjoyed it. I was hoping someone would be able to stir me more as to what really happened, aside from researching on it on my own. I know its been so long and old already, however I'm looking for people who were die hard fans or simply enthusiastic by the Idea of humanity becoming God themselves. 
 I'm Happy to have My lovely friends: Ka-san Flemmes, Brother Habiki & Takera, Bhestfriend(Inferno) and the Rest of my A4 Family~ 
 I liked it. I certainly liked End of Evangelion's ending much more than the last two episodes of the original anime. I was hoping someone would be able to stir me more as to what really happened, aside from researching on it on my own. What do you want to know about the storyline? A summary? Backstory? The motivations of characters? 

 It's the best anime i have ever watch and i haven't even watched the movies yet 
 Originally Posted by sam7799 It's the best anime i have ever watch and i haven't even watched the movies yet I agree! I love this Anime. The movies, i haven't seen. I haven't even finished the series, though. -grin- 
You don't always know where you stand, until you know you won't run away.
 There are 69 threads for "evangelion". I gotta believe that an opinion thread is already in there. Just look up "evangelion" instead of "neon genesis evangelion". Personally I never got that into the series. Just too many mecha animes and it starts to get boring for me. Although the animation was pretty good. Character types where fairly generic though. Now that I think of it, the main 3 characters remind me of shikimaru, sakura and hinata (although considering NGE came first, I guess Shinji, Asuka and Rei may have influenced Kishimoto.) 
 Originally Posted by Guybrush888 There are 69 threads for "evangelion". I gotta believe that an opinion thread is already in there. Just look up "evangelion" instead of "neon genesis evangelion". Personally I never got that into the series. Just too many mecha animes and it starts to get boring for me. Although the animation was pretty good. Character types where fairly generic though. Now that I think of it, the main 3 characters remind me of shikimaru, sakura and hinata (although considering NGE came first, I guess Shinji, Asuka and Rei may have influenced Kishimoto.) Well this is pretty much my first Anime, although i've watched the first episode of Naruto... 
You don't always know where you stand, until you know you won't run away.
 Hate this series. Depressing as heck and way too Christian. The stuff making fun of it though is very good. 
 Originally Posted by claire Anyway, I would like to know if how you guys find the story line of NGE from before, and how would you feel if it would be recreated again. and Could anyone discuss their opinions about how they understood NGE?? Well, the basic story is a "monster of the week" setup, and that has been done before and after plenty a times. The only part I found to be impressive with the storytelling was how strongly the characters were portrayed. As far as this mythical "understanding" Evangelion goes... two thing I usually want to point out when discussing this show. 1: Everyone that is a fan of Evangelion and point out how deep it is always fail to explain why and how its deep. 2: When people actually do try to explain it they point out that Evangelion has christian imagery and think thats enough to make their point, or they just provide their own interpretation of wildly different things that happened in the series. Few sources point out the same things so it doesn't really say anything about what goes on in the supposed depth of the story if some analyst point out some things while others miss those and find completely different things. Don't get me wrong, I don't really dislike Evangelion or anything. I own it on DVD and all, but I just don't like how it gets praised for stupid things. It has some great things going for it, but sadly people don't ever point those out and just stick to the "Eva is deep" card because they have seen other fans pull it. I also believed it was deep when I was younger and watched it originally, but I was to young to really analyze the content, and now many years later I understand that there simply isn't much there. The christian imagery and concepts has been confirmed in interviews by the series director, Hideaki Anno, to have been used in order to give the series a visually impressive motif. Not in order to convey some underlying deep message. People seem to mistake references and visual concepts for depth, and if you take that one step further, most anime would have the same depth as Evangelion but no one ever claims the same thing with say One Piece with its pirate motif and references to all sorts of things. People have to much respect for the religious content and listen to much to the die hard fans instead of making up their own opinion of what the content actually mean and why its there. Evangelion came at a time where anime started to become popular and its no surprise people liked it as it has strong characters, was full of suspense and being a Gainax anime, looks frickin' amazing. But one thing its not and thats deep and full of underlying messages. And to be honest, if it wasn't for the interesting characters, the story of "giant robots saves the city from the weekly monster" would not have worked as its a story that doesn't really break the formula until the very end. I also haven't seen any of the remakes, only the original anime and the two movies released shortly after as I'm simply not a big enough fan to really care for the remakes over other things. 
 
 I watched the anime just because of its positive comment all around the world But it has nothing special in it. Loving evangelion is a trend nothing more. I even saw some kind talking about how evangelion effects their life/lifeview. pure Bullsh1t. 
myanimelist  Spoiler Originally Posted by Shadow Fox No one gets tired of One Piece...unless they are retarded gay or from some other outworldly planet in which there is a .001% chance they could contract some sorta mental disorder in which would allow them to BECOME bored of it. But that is so low it almost never happens. 
 Lance, did you end up watching the remakes (i.e. Evangelion 1.11 and 2.22)? If not, I'd suggest watching them, as they actually made the story more fluid, and took away some of the "monster of the week" flavor, and... it stands up on its two feed fairly well. I liked the first series, but like you, I never found it to be deep, etc. The remake doesn't attempt to be too deep, either... and they make some changes that make it more believable... and Shinji is less of a pussy. Still a pussy, but less of one. 
 
 Haven't watched those, only saw the original TV series and the movies, Death and Rebirth. Its grown more tempting to watch the other Eva remakes lately, if nothing else for that Gainax animation I just cant get enough of, but I feel I have a few other series that take higher priority for me to watch first. 
 
 I agree with NGE being overrated. There are far better series of this same genre. 
 I understood it to be the worst anime ever created and a complete waste of my time and one of the few times i regretted watching something. I do understand the "message" of the anime but who the fuck cares and I forgot it now if only I could get back my wasted time. 
 I also have to point out how much the characters stayed the same. At some point in a story, Characters have to advance. This story hasn't advanced for years. I enjoy the series but the way that we're still waiting to know the end is ridiculous. As for the series being 'deep'. We won't even go there. Not to mention, I Hate Whiney characters. Period. Everyone says this but when its Shinji people seem to forget that he is the epitome of whiney. 'wah, I don't want to fight to save this city and the people in it. Wah, my dad, wah' Also the ' If I love myself maybe things will change?' Too bad saying something and not doing it never did anything. Also, the whole 'Existentialism' theme everyone is so quick to jump up and defend..no. But on another flip note. I love the rebuild or the newest ones out. They're really how Evangelion should have been. 
 Well...For the anime, I loved the story, hated the ending. The reason why I like the story is that it's pretty emotional and all that. You may think it's not but perhaps it's just because I'm an emotional person (not like emo but...you get what I mean).The movies for NGE seems to guide the path of the story to a happier ending which I find really good, especially Asuka with an eyepatch (Ftw). Most people say that Shinji is a crap of a main character, but I find that he's actually a very unique hero. Like most mainstream mangas/animes, the protagonists are usually hot headed, stubborn, hyperactive, or maybe cool, quiet, mysterious. But Shinji is a very well built up character, although he's a coward, whiny, indecisive, that's what makes NGE interesting in my opinion. 
 For anyone who hasn't heard yet, Evangelion 3.0 finally has a soft release date. The anime studio Khara confirmed that Evangelion Shin Gekijō-ban Q Quickening, the third film in Hideaki Anno and Khara's four-part remake of Gainax's Neon Genesis Evangelion anime series, will open in Japan in Fall of 2012. The announcement was made during a new preview of the film that aired after the television premiere of the second film. http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2011-08-26/3rd-evangelion-remake-film-to-open-fall-2012 I thought I remembered hearing somewhere that the 3rd and 4th were to be released at the same time. But even if not, it's about time. 
 Well...That's really awesome. I can't wait. 
 Good to hear. Sent from my SAMSUNG-SGH-I897 using Tapatalk 
 when i first watching it i never got into the story line of the anime, however as i got older and watch it again i came to love the anime, i can't say it was one of the best mechs series however but it was great, usually people hate it or love it. When i first watch the recreation of NGE, you are not alone on the big screen just made me fall in love with the anime all over it again. 
 This was an alright series; I found it hard to like Shinji and Asuka, but that's not enough to get the whole series down for me. The last 2 episodes were really random to me and I'll admit I wouldn't have understood anything if I didn't read an explanation online. End of Evangelion was better...but weird. Weirdest I've seen in anime really. Whenever I feel like revisiting NGE is when I'll see the movies. 
 ~eSo7eRiC~ STATS  Spoiler 
 The weird thing about non fans is that their issues always seem to be different to the actual, objective flaws with the series (besides the whole "Shinji is a hole" thing, thats totally true). I think the reason people say "it isnt deep" is that they mean "it isn't metaphorical" and that's true to a point, the metaphors in Eva are so blatant and obvious that they're barely metaphors, so it's easy to make a case for it being a bad allegory. HOWEVER, allegory and metaphor are not the only things that constitute depth, depth is, in my eyes simply having complex characters, plot elements and themes. And I think its insane to deny that Evangelion is deep. The characters are hugely intricate pandoras boxes with their own issues, problems, aims and conflicts; The inital plot of Humans Vs. Angels eventually turns into an honestly interesting study of the human mind (or it would have been if Anno wasnt such a psychology buff and went more towards philosophy as well) and it's all developed in a fantastic monster of the week show, no other show develops it's characters so well through action, none. I totally get why people don't like Evangelion, I'm only a moderate fan myself (though I do find myself passionately defending it). The three big reasons I can fully understand a dislike of Eva go thus: 1) Evangelion is a piece of postmodern existensialist fiction, and people who do not follow that particular philosophical doctrine (like myself) loathe it. It's a theory that states that objective truth doesn't exist and all that matters is how you feel about yourself, it's an arrogant, self serving theory and it's purpose is to convince people that they are worth something just because they think they are. It doesnt work in a story because we live in a world that is driven by objective truth, and that's what we're interesting. Anno's ****ed up, quasi-solipsist world is a world that many cannot be invested in, which is a crippling flaw, probably the biggest of the series 2) SHINJI, SHINJI, SHINJI. Oh god he is a terrible protagonist because of just how inactive he is. We learn a lot about Shinji throughout the series, he is a very intricate, layered protagonist and he had so much potential to be one of anime's great characters. But not only is he an extremely whiney character who openly admits he's running away from reality and his problems (Y'know, the reality and problems that we, the viewer are interested in). He doesnt do anything of his own accord to help solve those problems, Anno just bangs on that "HE CANT LEARN TO RESPECT HIMSELF, HE IS TERRIFIED OF BEING REJECTED, HE IS SELF DESTRUCTIVE, FEEL SYMPATHY FOR HIM!!!". No, he needs to do something to get over these issues because WE want him to, and the show was made for US, the viewer, not Anno, not Postmodern Existensialists, the general anime fandom. And for the general anime fandom Shinji doesnt work 3) Everything is told to us via those god damn inner monologues, a tenet of good storytelling, in fact probably the most important tenet of good story telling is "Show Don't Tell". The "messages", so to speak, of Evangelion are ruthlessly hammered into us by Asuka screaming "I DONT WANNA BE ALONE! I DONT WANNA BE ALONE! I DONT WANNA BE ALONE! I DONT WANNA BE ALONE!", that isn't good storytelling, like at all. We should be able to work out for ourself that Asuka doesnt want to be alone rather than Anno thinking we're to stupid to work it out. In conclusion, Evangelion is not Revolutionary Girl Utena, it is not Wolf's Rain, it is not RahXephon. It isnt subtle or heavily symbolic or particularly interesting to analyze from a philosophical standpoint. But it is deep psychologically, its characters, though very much inactive protagonists are layered and intricate and some elements of the series serious work very well. It is about the furthest thing from a universally likeable series but it is a fantastic work of fiction for the most part Also...Damn I spent more time complaining about the show than defending it, that's not good. EDIT: Let me clarify that I dont think all series need to be set in a world driven by logic, Paranoia Agent is one of my all time favourite shows and that has almost NO logic. But Evangelion is set in OUR future and OUR world, our world IS driven by logic and truth, so Evangelion's should. 
 Last edited by Bluesummers; 02-26-2012 at 10:26 AM. 
 I think this anime is great! Don't know why it's given so much hate, just for being "overrated." I can see how Shinji would drive away viewers though, sometimes his whining is unbearable. But, yknow, he does have viable reason to be the way he is, sort of anyway. 
 Click for MyAnimeList.
 My favorite anime of all time. I don't even think it's overrated. 
 Follow Me On The Twitter
