http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157918-Which-do-you-Prefer-Dubs-or-Subs
[Anime] Which do you Prefer, Dubs or Subs?
 @NOOBIEST multiquote dawg multiquote. Originally Posted by Narippo-KatekyoBleachborn THe mouthing is always off, sometimes the character is talking but the dub is already over and vice-versa, the character isn't talking but the dub still goes on.. It really bugs me. True, I also find it off putting when the dialogue isn't in time with the mouth flaps, but this isn't just a problem when it comes to English dubs. In Japan, only a very small handful of projects have had the voice acting recorded before they animate the feature, Akira being one of them. The rest record in post, so they have the same obstacle as the English dubbers, where they have to match the flaps instead of the flaps matching them. Sure there might be that one scene where they fully animate the mouth to deliver an iconic line, but the rest of the time, flaps. Toei animation is especially guilty of this as they sometimes just have the mouth flapping the same way for 10 seconds, and of course they don't match what the seiyuu is saying. Originally Posted by NoobiestAnimeWatcher I prefer subs, Just because subs have more soul when you watch them. plus there's nothing like hearing the original intended voices of the show! The whole "original intent" argument is something I disagree with. They have a pool of seiyuu that apply and they are limited by that pool. That doesn't make their voices the definitive ones which the creator thought up, it means they had to make a compromise with the talent available. Then there's the cases where the original creator picks the English cast, like with the new sailor moon dub, but just because she pick the new voice actresses doesn't make them immune to criticism. Anyway, to answer your question I watch both, and my preference differs on a case by case basis. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
