http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151588-New-here
 New here
 Hey Name is Benton but I'm pretty used to my username as I've used it for along time so that's more than fine. Hope I stick around for awhile and have some fun talking about shows here. Mostly watching ongoing series atm because I just haven't felt like watching any finished shows so I might ask for some recs at some point. Like quite a few shows very much so I don't really know what would be my favorites. Maybe Shakugan no Shana, Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, Mirai Nikki, Shiki, Ef: A Tale of Memories, Trigun, Yu Yu Hakusho. Though it depends on when you ask me and I don't really think about it to much. Anyway, nice to be here 
 Welcome to A4! Hope you have fun here 

 Welcome to the forums, Benton! I love Yu Yu Hakusho as well, it's one of my favorite animes of all time! You've got a good taste. Enjoy your time here! 

 Thanks you two, definatly feels welcoming here. And glad I already have atleast one opinion in common with somebody 
 Anyone who appreciates YUYU is a good person in my bookXD 
 Welcome. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Hey, Benton! Welcome to the forums! I do hope you like it here. Enjoy. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Welcome to A4, yeah it is nice to have you here 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome to A4 bud, I know those feels, I hate ending a good anime that won't have a continuation to it... So I moved to ongoing animes as well I do still watch them just not as much as I used to. 

 Welcome to A4 I'm assuming you like Kill la Kill? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Hey there, Benton. Welcome to A4 ^^ 
  Spoiler Mayuyu's personal slave >3< "Look beyond the horizon, you'll see a carnival waiting for you and the reflection of what you used to be..." **kudos to the artist** 
 Originally Posted by Alter DRexz Welcome to A4 I'm assuming you like Kill la Kill? Yea, liked the first episode looking forward to the rest. Just wanted something current as my avatar, actually almost went with Renge from Non Non Biyori but liked this as an avatar alittle better 
 Welcome to A4. Do me a favor, don't die... 

 I try not to everyday 
 Welcome to A4! Have any favorite anime Characters? Enjoy the Forums! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Welcome to A4! I am a Turtle I also enjoyed Mirai Nikki a lot Hope you enjoy your stay 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Hng, welcome. Nice to have you here on A4. 
 
 Originally Posted by Dragnight44 Welcome to A4! Have any favorite anime Characters? Enjoy the Forums! Pretty much any tsundere or yandere is a good places to start, feel like I'd get alittle carried away if I started naming characters though And thanks! 
 Originally Posted by Firefromthevoid I try not to everyday And you're doing a fine job it seems 

 Hey welcome to A4! tsundere chars are not my favs but I still like some of them =P hope you have a good time here! 

