http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157640-Your-favourite-female-character-and-why
[Anime] Your favourite female character and why ?
 Just finished watching Spirited Away and I do say it was kind of a mixed-feeling. But one thing, I do say the main character Chihiro was probable the first ever protagonist that was a female that didn't make me cringe. She was pretty brave and well polite for being such a scary situation of  Spoiler Being stuck in a spirit world were are parents are now pigs and she has to fend for herself.. pretty brave if you ask me. Honestly I would rather go into battle with Chihiro than Sakura anyday....at least I have someone who is actually brave. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Mine would have to be Mizore Shirayuki from Rosario+Vampire. She's got the looks and she can fight. What's not to like, besides the fact that she can be a little cold at times. You see what I did there...no...ok nevermind 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Oh god, everyone is going to start naming off their anime girlfriends lol. Well my favorite would be Marlene from Blue Gender. Strong, bad ass, and shows a soft side later in the show. 
 Qiang Lei from Kingdom. She's badass(look at my sig), has the best costuming out of any female anime char ever, and yet she's soft spoken, plus cute at times, though not in a emo way(granted this is usually right before she tries taking out an entire army single handedly/is up against a insanely strong general, but still). Yea, if I'm only allowed to pick one, it has to be Qiang Lei hands down, she's the most awesome female char ever created. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Makoto kino aka lita from sailormoon she's strong, kind, and can kick your ass then bake a cake because she's awesome 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I always liked Setsuna Meioh from Sailor Moon. She's so mysterious, but nice. 
 HONK :O) 
 Originally Posted by Twigster Honestly I would rather go into battle with Chihiro than Sakura anyday....at least I have someone who is actually brave. We will see how far bravery goes when you have 10 year old instead of 16 year old ninja healer XD Originally Posted by Evangelion98 Mine would have to be Mizore Shirayuki from Rosario+Vampire. She's got the looks and she can fight. What's not to like, besides the fact that she can be a little cold at times. You see what I did there...no...ok nevermind Mizore was awesome, I don't know why but I really liked how she always had a lolipop. My favorite female character has to be Yuno from Future diary, she was so EPIC!!, one of the few not lead characters that really stole the show in anime. Asuna is another really cool one because (atleast for the first season) she actually battles, shes strong, independent and not just a damsel. 
 Best Anime!!
 Originally Posted by Meepo Oh god, everyone is going to start naming off their anime girlfriends lol. I couldn't help myself. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Makoto kino aka lita from sailormoon she's strong, kind, and can kick your ass then bake a cake because she's awesome I feel like this was copied and pasted from another post of yours wesleyv1........ Mine would be.... wait for it.... ASUNA FROM SAO!!!! You were just dying from suspense right??? Yep love the hair and the eyes. Plus she can fight with the best of them 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Who is my favorite female anime character, let's see, my user name is Squid, so it must be, Squid Girl! She is just so funny She acts sometimes like a regular girl, who likes TV, video games and makeup, or she may then act just like the scary invader that she wants to be, and other times, she acts just like a ....Squid, of course, she can barf up squid ink actually, that can be used on Squid Ink spaghetti, (blech!) Also, the way she reacts to other characters and the way they react to her...Sanae has a big "girl crush" on Squid Girl, and it freaks her out, Squid Girl is afraid of Chizuru, and the surfer chick's terrified of Squid Girl 
 Evidently I'm the only one in this thread whom has seen Kingdom sigh, otherwise there would be much more Qiang Lei love. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 My favorite female character would be Shana from Shakugan no Shana and Ino Yamanaka from Naruto .. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Is the kingdom anime any good? I've read about 100 chaps of the manga, and its pretty good. And anyways, mine would be Akame from Akame Ga Kill or Roka Shibasaki from D Frag...or probably Ajimu Najimi from Medaka Box. 

 I am going to have to go with Maka Albarn from Soul Eater because she is just as tough as the boys from other shonen anime series. 
 Miu Asakura from Bungaku Shoujooo. Because we all need to realize life ain't so bad. ^^ 

 Originally Posted by Zoltor Evidently I'm the only one in this thread whom has seen Kingdom sigh, otherwise there would be much more Qiang Lei love. I've made it through about half of the anime and haven't ran into her yet. Overall I don't really have a favorite female character though. I'll come back when I think/find one. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Mukuro from YYH. Just got a rad look. 
​
 Originally Posted by Revive Is the kingdom anime any good? I've read about 100 chaps of the manga, and its pretty good. And anyways, mine would be Akame from Akame Ga Kill or Roka Shibasaki from D Frag...or probably Ajimu Najimi from Medaka Box. OMG yes, the Kingdom anime is downright great, infact is one of only a few high end greats in existence, It's that good. Here's a overview/review I wrote for it: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...omplete-series) To Karnage: If I recall correctly, she is introduced in ep 17 or so of season 1(just so you know, there's a season 2, which is 39 ep long. just you'll need to watch a fansub, because there's no news of a official sub coming out for season 2 yet) Yea just double checked, she is indeed introduced in ep 17 of season 1 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 07-29-2014 at 03:02 PM. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Originally Posted by Zoltor OMG yes, the Kingdom anime is downright great, infact is one of only a few high end greats in existence, It's that good. Here's a overview/review I wrote for it: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...omplete-series) To Karnage: If I recall correctly, she is introduced in ep 17 or so of season 1(just so you know, there's a season 2, which is 39 ep long. just you'll need to watch a fansub, because there's no news of a official sub coming out for season 2 yet) Yea just double checked, she is indeed introduced in ep 17 of season 1 Oh nvm I was thinking of the anime you showed me a while ago "The Twelve Kingdoms". This show looks interesting too though. I'll check it out at some point when I get the chance. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Originally Posted by Vaporwave Mukuro from YYH. Just got a rad look. I've always disliked Mukuro because she defeated Hiei in the Demon World Tournament's semi-final round. It kinda changed Hiei's tough image in my eyes for a bit lol. But I must agree, she is a very cool character. 

 Mine is Mami Tomoe from Madoka Magica She has my Favorite power in Weapon Generation, and she's so calm. She's just pure awesomeness  Spoiler It's a shame she died so early Besides her, it would have to be Asuna from SAO What can I say, she's a badass. I'm not the type for Damsel in Distress or the clingy types. Asuna can hold her own, and doesn't take bullcrap. She can reap souls with a sword 
 Mine was Nonon Jakuzure from Kill la Kill, then DamianWinters decided to show me the world of Mirai Nikki...I think we all know who it is now. Victorique from Gosick is a close second though. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Erza obviously edit: seems I forgot to add a reason shes strong she has a sad back story which makes her that much stronger and has the looks to go with it. She's one of the few bad ass female characters in anime that isnt insane. 
 Last edited by Erza Knightwalker; 07-30-2014 at 05:29 AM. 

 Kagome from Inuyasha is my favorite anime girl, but that might just be cus Inuyasha is the first anime I watched and is my faviorate anime 
 For me it's probably Asuna from SAO. Pretty and sweet but is also tough and can stand up for herself. 
