http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159846-In-the-Mood-for-a-Space-Bandit-Type-Anime
 In the Mood for a Space Bandit Type Anime
 So I have really been in the mood for a space bandit type anime. Something like Cowboy or Outlaw where a rag tag crew goes off any does something. Maybe looking for treasure, or bounty hunting or whatever. I would prefer real ships as appose to mechs. Anyone got any recommendations of something I might enjoy? 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/transpup
 The only thing I can think of from the past few years would be Space Dandy, although it seems to get a love/hate reaction from most folk. If you don't mind something a bit older though, you could try either the Dirty Pair or Space Adventure Cobra, the former being (I think) the original 'girls with guns' show and the latter proving that space adventures are better when you're smoking a cigar and have a gun for an arm. 
 Like my Facebook art page - Updates weekly - Better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick 
 Look no further than the coyote ragtime show 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Try bodacious space pirates! But hang in there until the fifth or sixth show. I admit it starts slow but is a fun show. Also birdy the mighty decode sort of fits the bill. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Try bodacious space pirates! But hang in there until the fifth or sixth show. I admit it starts slow but is a fun show. Also birdy the mighty decode sort of fits the bill. Neither of these are really "bandit" material 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Look no further than the coyote ragtime show Thanks for all the recommendations guys! I looked into them all and Coyote seems to be right what I am looking for, much appreciated! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/transpup
 While it doesn't take place in space, you may like Trigun. It's full of outlaw characters and is set in a post-apocalyptic desert which gives it that science fiction feel. 
MyAnimeList
 Space Adventure Cobra: Cobra is a space pirate who alienated the Pirate's guild , they want him dead, but he's a true space pirate, but is more of a hero than anything. Cobra is one of the most enigmatic, charismatic and lovable characters in anime too, he's as quick with snappy one liners as he is with his Psycho Gun, which is attached to his arm, although he probably would like a cute girl instead, like in Midori Days. Cobra is a blast! They even made a live action movie based on this series, although I wonder if it's ever going to be released. 
