http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149293-Favorite-Gundam-series/page2
 Favorite Gundam series? - Page 2
 Gundam seed, I like the character development and romance. I haven't finished the second season yet because I just can't marathon gundam. I also like GU, epic fighting, cool mobile suits and I like the story. 
 What's a good gundam series to start with? Do they use a linear story line or are the series independent from each other? I don't know when I'll get to it but I think I should add it to my list. Are there subgenres of the mecha world? In other words I loved robotech so will I like any mecha series? Edit - forgot to mention I also liked the original Voltron series. I had the full Voltron robot when I was a kid. So that was a mecha series too wasn't it? - or is it more like Transformers than mecha which I also like? Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
 Last edited by yoda313; 03-21-2014 at 07:12 PM. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 @yoda Depends on how willing you are to deal with older art too. I grew up on Gundam Wing, so the most I ever knew about Gundam was what happened in that singular series. I later found out about 08th MS Team, G Gundam and Gundam 0083: Stardust Memory. I ended my tenure with Gundam along side Gundam Seed: Destiny, one of the worst I had ever seen. It wasn't until the summer of 2007 when I gave Gundam another go and I started to where it all began with the original Gundam, Gundam 0079. I highly recommend eating up any disregard for visuals if you can muster it and start from the beginning with Mobile Suit Gundam 0079 where the story starts off with Amuro jumping into the RX-78-2 for the first time. The "Universal Century" Timeline is highly regarded and houses the best the series have to offer. You can watch them in the following order: Amuro / Char / Bright Noa saga's Gundam 0079 / Mobile Suit Gundam - Start of the war, introduction to Zeon, Federation, Amuro, Char, Bright --- 8th MS Team - This is about all the OTHER pilots who are not Newtypes. This is one of the best in the series. --- War in the Pocket - Takes place during Mobile Suit Gundam on a Colony during the war. --- 0083: Stardust Memory - This leads up to Z Gundam. It shows how the Titans were formed Z Gundam - This shows Char's and Kamille's struggles in fighting the Titan's ZZ Gundam - This shows Bright taking in Judau and a bunch of kids to pilot the Gundams to fight alongside the AEUG against a renewed Zeon Char's Counterattack - This wraps up the conclusion of Amuro's and Char's stories as well as showing how far along Bright have come. Unicorn Gundam - This is a lot newer. It has 6 OVA's currently and have yet to release the 7th. The story have plot threads from 0001 up to Char's Counterattack and after. F91 Gundam - This takes place a significant time after Char's Counterattack. --- Crossbone Gundam / Vanguard - This is a manga involving Seabook Arno (hero of F91 Gundam). It shows an older Judau Ashta from ZZ Gundam --- Note: In regards to the F91/Crossbone Gundam/Vanguard plots... the production of the series couldn't be agreed upon properly so it was broken up into different media types. The significant thing to know here is Hathaway, Bright's son, plays a huge role in how the F91 Series come to be. You see Hathaway in Char's Counterattack. It's extremely difficult to follow the story at this point in time, so it takes a bit of effort in getting into. V Gundam - This takes place several years after the events of F91 Gundam with the Federation having been long gone. This is the LAST series that anyone can definitely say is part of the UC Timeline. Turn-A Gundam - This series ties together all of the timelines as a "Corrected Universe". This happens several hundred thousand years beyond the history of known history and people are basically excavating remnants of Mobile Suits. This is also extremely good. Alternate Universes G Gundam - This is a hit or miss. But undeniably fun. 7/10 Gundam Wing - The most well known Gundam of the entire franchise. 8/10 X Gundam - I couldn't stomach this one. 6/10. Gundam Seed - It was ok. Not the greatest thing in the world, but passable. 7/10 --- Gundam Seed: Destiny - If I could unwatch something, this would be it. 4/10 00 Gundam - I loved this one. It had fantastic art, an acceptable storyline. Mr. Bushido is a badass. 9/10 Gundam AGE - I like the concept of this series, but I never finished it. So I can't say. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Wow! Thanks for the incredible detail shian Kiri. Art style doesn't matter to too much to me. Though they don't have pointy noises do they? I didn't like that in the first ikkitousen but it softened a bit in dragon destiny. I don't think I'll ever complete the series. But I'll try to start it. Thanks again. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 This is a really hard choice, because as much as the franchise has milked some of the same tropes that have been present in it since the first three series, they are still pretty varied due to the execution in many of them. So, for UC, I'd go for Zeta; for OVAs, War in the Pocket; for 90s TV series, I'd go for G; and for 2000s, I'd go for 00. 
 I'd say my favorite one is Gundam 00 really like the story and all the characters. Lockon Stratos ftw. 
 Gundam 00, and it would have been perfect too if only there were more Marina x Setsuna moments. Originally Posted by hseries I'd say my favorite one is Gundam 00 really like the story and all the characters. Lockon Stratos ftw. Which one? 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Sakiya Rumei Gundam 00, and it would have been perfect too if only there were more Marina x Setsuna moments. Which one? I like neil more than lyle. If you want marinaxsetsuna I want neilxfeldt. xD 
 Originally Posted by hseries I like neil more than lyle. If you want marinaxsetsuna I want neilxfeldt. xD That should have been a thing. The Feldt x Setsuna moments at the end were pretty sudden, forced even. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Favorite Gundam series? Favorite's kind of a strong word. I'll say the one I was able to tolerate the most, which is the G Gundam series. It wasn't that great, but it was fun. 
 
 G-Gundam was so much fun and very close to super robot overall. It's like the marmite of Gundam. I don't have a favourite but I do find Wing and 00 a bit too dry. I also thought that AGE wasn't that bad, it has a tolerable art style and I appreciated the time skips as it's nice to see future consequences, even if they are a bit obvious. 
 I'm more for the nitty-gritty of 08th MS Team and 0083. I love the Gundam universe save for a few bad seeds (like G Gundam, grrrrr...) but these shows stand out to me because they are realistic (okay 08th MS Team walks the line a bit) and 0083 shows the war in a light that captures the effects on civilians and the divide between the two sides. I have an old PlayStation 2 game called Zeonic Front in which you command two three man Zaku squads in ground assault missions. It's around the beginning of the war when the first Gundam comes into play. In the game combat is strategic because tanks turrets are actually useful and can take down a Mobile Suit when used right. It reminds me a lot of 08th MS Team and doesn't feel like the "bam bam," "pew pew" of some other Gundam shows. 
 I'd say Gundam Unicorn, G Gundam, Gundam Seed (Destiny though..rewatching it makes me regret it from my younger years...) and Gundam 00 (one of the best ever) 

 Gundam SEED. I know most hardcore Gundam fans didn't really enjoy this series. It's not hard for me to say why I did; It's the ONLY Gundam series that's kept my attention all the way through. I've never considered myself a fan of anything Gundam, most mecha anime in general just wasn't my thing. But the art of this series was pretty and it was always in Newtype magazine (this is back in my HS days, ok?), so I decided to give it a try. Now it's my favorite anime that I always love to go back and watch again. HOWEVER, I will always be a bitter AsuCaga fan, lol. But, oh well. Still love the series. ^_^ 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 Zeta Gundam: This is my favorite Gundam because was the most dark in the franchise with Victory, F91 and Crossbone, this Gundam shows how enemies work together for the same objective, has one of the most interestinc characters, Sirocco, and the animation is perfect for the 80s. Gundam 0079: The Gundam that starts all, charismatic characters like Amuro, Bright Noa, Ramba Ral, and Char Aznable; Is easy to understand and apreciate. 
