http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142765-Your-opinion-on-A4/page5
[General Discussion] Your opinion on A4? - Page 5
 Nah, what you want is to be offered the modship and then turn it down and act 'cooler than yao' than those who took the green. Tenken knows whats up. I've noticed the latest gen of users are a lot less angsty than before. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Kouketsu Man, spite is spilling out from every direction tonight. Y'all need to seriously chill. I know a lot of people have been jealous for years of my rugged good looks, razor sharp wit, and incomparably enticing charm, but this is totally not the place to air those envy-soaked grievances. I have an inbox and VMs you can all feel free to spam. Also, next person to call my news site (One that I spent months building a damn good news aggregator for from the ground up, at that) a god damn forum I am just going to ban forever. Well I've tried taking my grievances to the admins, to the mods, to the suggestions board, and now the only real place to get your attention is to do it publicly on the board. It would have been excellent to know what state the forum was in without a driver, but the admins chose to hide that from their mods and the general forum population. You're indirectly advertising your forum, don't play this lawyer **** with me. Also I'd say things were going fine until you showed up in this thread, but please start handing out summary bans proving you're as bad as I say you are. You're the admin after all, insecure with no real power to affect the board's direction other than to ban individuals. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Now that I read the posts before.... Where is proto? That bastarD has to say something. i find noting wrong with this forums besides the level of spam bots to be too damn high! 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 I see my name mentioned in last post what is this **** and **** no I ain't reading ok thanks bye 
 Originally Posted by Kewkehtsu Well I've tried taking my grievances to the admins, to the mods, to the suggestions board, and now the only real place to get your attention is to do it publicly on the board. It would have been excellent to know what state the forum was in without a driver, but the admins chose to hide that from their mods and the general forum population. You're indirectly advertising your forum, don't play this lawyer **** with me. Also I'd say things were going fine until you showed up in this thread, but please start handing out summary bans proving you're as bad as I say you are. You're the admin after all, insecure with no real power to affect the board's direction other than to ban individuals. Since becoming admin, I've received 2 VMs from you in the past two years, neither of which mentioned or brought up any concerns, and 0 PMs over that same period of time. I don't know who you've taken your grievances to, but it surely was not me. And in suggestions threads, every piece of input is taken into account by whomever is making the call on the suggestion (Not necessarily always an admin, and this has always been the case on A4 since forever), whether a person's post there is directly responded to by someone or not. We can't address every person's complaints or problems because, for one, sometimes we just can't do anything about it, and other times, this is a forum with 95,000+ registered users and 5000+ active ones and, though I realize this may be hard to swallow, not all of them agree with you or your opinion of what the forum should be. And most of those people recognize the same thing may apply to their opinions and they may not end up getting what they want. When that happens on a website, there are usually a few options you have: - You deal with it and continue to enjoy that website. Lots of people do this. It's fine. We support it. - You can leave, and lots of people do this, too. It's also totally okay, and we also support it. - You can, and I know this will blow your mind and may even sound kinda familiar, go make something yourself that provides whatever it is you're not able to get from that site. This is also fine and we've also always supported it. No one is hiding anything, there's no need for conspiracy theories here, there's no backroom dealing going on (And there can't be because there's one active admin so the 'backroom' is effectively empty), and everyone on the staff - mods included - is painfully aware of the situation and has been aware of it for the years that it has existed. And I've been vocal about that situation in public, too, so it really shouldn't come as some sort of a shock now. And for what it's worth, my "forum" (...that is actually a news site and gets over 90% of its traffic from that, but who's counting) that you seem insistent on bringing up is actually in part a direct result of said "situation" and complete and utter frustration with the fact that A4 has for years prevented capable people from implementing cool ideas here that a lot of people could've benefited from or explicitly wanted to see. Stuff like a MAL-ish anime list, stuff like an anime database or wiki, stuff like anime recommenders, an actual legitimate review system, stuff like news streams, an infrastructure to support podcasts and videos and gaming tournaments, stuff that easily could have been built or added with a talented and willing software engineer or two on staff (For the record, our staff has had like six of them over the years) who ****ing volunteered their time (Which is worth quite a lot of money in the real world, mind you) to do it, but were never given the go-ahead or even the technical permissions necessary to do so. So yeah, "no real power to do anything" - certainly won't argue with that (Though it is always a curious mystery how I simultaneously have no real power to do anything and yet can be blamed for anything and everything that is wrong with the site), though insecure I don't think is quite so accurate. I know you are frustrated with A4. I know a bunch of people are. But sounding off in here is not going to fix the problems underlying those frustrations, and as much as I'd wish I could say otherwise, coming to mods and active admins probably isn't going to fix a lot of them, either, because we are all severely limited in what we can do here. Again, some people will just suck it up and be okay with that. That's fine. Others won't like it and they'll go do their own thing and that's perfectly reasonable, too, because not everyone likes being frustrated for years and spinning their wheels in the mud. I'm not sure what else I can really say, but I hope you can honestly understand why things, all the things you're mentioning in your posts, are the way they are, because they're not without reason. At the end of the day we're just trying to make A4 a fun, enjoyable, and engaging place for the people who appreciate it the way it is, and working within the constraints we are given. Sometimes that works out well and other times it does not, but there's only so much that can be done. 
 Last edited by Kouketsu; 04-24-2013 at 08:22 AM. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
 Originally Posted by Kewkehtsu Well I've tried taking my grievances to the admins, to the mods, to the suggestions board, and now the only real place to get your attention is to do it publicly on the board. It would have been excellent to know what state the forum was in without a driver, but the admins chose to hide that from their mods and the general forum population. You're indirectly advertising your forum, don't play this lawyer **** with me. Also I'd say things were going fine until you showed up in this thread, but please start handing out summary bans proving you're as bad as I say you are. You're the admin after all, insecure with no real power to affect the board's direction other than to ban individuals. Everyone that's a member of A4 has things they'd like to see change and everyone has there own opinions on which direction A4 should take to improve it for the better, but since the main Admins are M.I.A. there's nothing that can be done, so honestly there's no point in continuously whining about it, so I suggest two options that might peak your interest. 1. Grow a pair, and deal with it until Shian decides to come back. or 2. Leave. 
 ....Or complain to the Mods. Argue with them. Piss them off. Bytch about the forums. Receive infractions. Get Banned. Come back, and do allllll of that sh!t again. It's priceless 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I single pear? That seems like a waste if resources and time. Why not use that to build an empire on pear farming. Make millions! Or grow a single pear and waste your time. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Everyone that's a member of A4 has things they'd like to see change and everyone has there own opinions on which direction A4 should take to improve it for the better, but since the main Admins are M.I.A. there's nothing that can be done, so honestly there's no point in continuously whining about it, so I suggest two options that might peak your interest. 1. Grow a pair, and deal with it until Shian decides to come back. or 2. Leave. This guy knows what's going on behind the scene! So what struggler saying is that Kou is just a mod with red name then? Well that's just unfortunate. 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 So I read some of this thread, a lot in fact, and all I can say is this was worth the read its a great comedy here thanks for entertaining me today. 
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX So I read some of this thread, a lot in fact, and all I can say is this was worth the read its a great comedy here thanks for entertaining me today. That is the exact same thing I thought when reading this lol I vote Struggler for best comedian on A4 for publicly flaming Kewkehtsu, reading that little segment of them going at it was gold. 
 Welp this thread has seem to run it's course, 1.5/2 pages of actual responses, and 3 pages of random. So to preserve this thread in all its comedic glory, and prevent it from "jumping the shark" I'm just going to go ahead and close this one, ok, greeaaattt. Please see our new thread about a4's opinion of you, because somehow that is different... and the joke rolls on. 
