http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?110877-Latest-book-purchase(s)/page8
 Latest book purchase(s)? - Page 8
 I recently bought the complete Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. I haven't read much of it so far but have already got a ton of laughs out of it. 
 Originally Posted by Captain Picard While at the airport getting ready to fly back home, I saw "The Maze Runner". Looked interesting so I picked it up. I am going to read it over the weekend. Hopefully it is decent. I've heard a lot about it, should be a good read. 
 Steam - obscenex2 League of Legends - Obscene Sardine 
 I haven't had the chance to go to the bookstore, but I'll try to get that done next week. I'm planning to buy: One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest by Ken Kesey. Mistborn: The Final Empire by Bradon Sanderson after Shannon's recommendation. 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 picked up White Heat by M.J. McGrath so far it's a good read! 
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/BAKAwatcher
 There is this cool book entitled Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky that I recently bought. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 The last two books I've purchased are; The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern Dangerous Creaturesby Kami Garcia & Margaret Stohl 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 So I picked up an old hobby, comics.... Justice League Dark vol. 1 Justice League Dark vol. 2 Wonder Woman vol. 1 Wonder Woman vol. 2 Aquaman vol. 1 Loved them all 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 My recent purchases: Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister by Gregory Maguire Otomen Vol. 1-4 by Aya Kanno Midnight Secretary Vol. 1 by Tomu Ohmi Butterflies, Flowers Vol. 1 by Yuki Yoshihara PandoraHearts Vol. 5 by Jun Mochizuki Thank you late Christmas presents....too bad I've been too drawn into beating Tales of Hearts R and starting Bravely Default to start them. Handheld gaming is the worst when it comes to reading u_u 
 Bleach Vol. 62 by Tite Kubo xD 
