http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142518-Kanji-tip
[General Discussion] Kanji tip
 Hello, could anyone give me some tips on how to learn kanji? Whats the difference betwen Kun and On of the words? I mean which one should I use when reading the simbols? 
http://gingerbreadeye.blogspot.com.br/
 Reading or writing? For writing, nothing quite beats a combination of smart memory devices and rote practice. Kanji characters share a lot of parts, so recalling which ones are used in a certain character helps a lot. For example, in the kanji 傀儡 (kairai; marionette), you can remember the rai portion by just imagining katakana イ + kanji 田x3. I remember it as itatata in the incredibly rare instances where I actually have to write 傀儡. Japanese elementary school students just spend exorbitant of times repeatedly writing the characters, and while this practice can be helpful, it alone is kind of inefficient I find. For learning how to read kanji, the key is just to really spend a lot of time reading comprehensible Japanese materials. I don't know what level you're at, but from the intermediate level on (true intermediate; not "I know how to ask for someone's name"), repeatedly reading books and manga is irreplaceable practice. 
 i learned how to write chinese with a brush, caligraphy. Do you want to learn that specific part like strokes and brush so that it is nice and cool? You can only learn that in a class though. If you are talking about understanding the words, I usually memorize the shapes as deeper understanding of kanji is beyond me. A teacher had explained to me in depth about how this kanji have a water element because it related to water and stuff, but honestly i lost it after a while.. LOL moreso, the hmm i think the term radical? Are changing over the years, in chinese there is simplified version which basically simplified the radicals. If you are following the in depth version of learning, then you got to understand the radicals which compose kanji. I heard if you manage to master the radicals, you can deduce the meaning of a kanji. Like example above, you recognize a water radical, then the word may related to water. Its not that simple though as radicals may mix and match kinda thing. long story short, simple version, just grab a dictionary and read a manga/ book in japanese kanji, it will help if you can find one with small romanji/hiragana above it. Learning by doing is me. 
 Hiruma Yoichi, Eyeshield21. Manga, Volume 37 (last).
 My background is with chinese characters ( Han zi), although they are basically the exact same as Kanji. As Buddy points out there are similarities in the characters themselves that you will begin to notice. Each character Kanji or Han zi is comprised of radicals. Now while each radical may not have an intrinsic meaning, many do. An example would be the radical for insect , chong -> 虫 . Now if I wanted to write the Han zi or Kanji for mosquito or cricket, while they are different, they both contain the radical for insect as part of the overall character. This helps when reading. You will sometimes run across a character you don't know, however if you know the radical, you can sometimes figure out atleast the general meaning of the word. 
 Watch a ton of variety shows and pay attention to what the screen shows and how people pronounce them. No really, try it. 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 Honestly, I think nothing beats getting a formal education. You can only get so far on your own. Being around a native speaker (hopefully your sensei, if not, abort mission) and other people trying to learn gives you plenty of opportunity for practice. But if you're hell bent on learning on your own, start with Hiragana and Katakana; you'll recognize them in a lot of Kanji. After that, see BuddyLee's post. He's probably the most qualified person on this whole damn board to give advice on this particular subject. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 I think your best choice is too actually combine and consider learning Chinese; with this, you will learn the kanji and maybe see some differences and also the meaning of the kanji. I think the best tip is to have flash cards and practise daily by writing and etching into your memory 
 
 Originally Posted by Ixioran Honestly, I think nothing beats getting a formal education. You can only get so far on your own. Being around a native speaker (hopefully your sensei, if not, abort mission) and other people trying to learn gives you plenty of opportunity for practice. But if you're hell bent on learning on your own, start with Hiragana and Katakana; you'll recognize them in a lot of Kanji. After that, see BuddyLee's post. He's probably the most qualified person on this whole damn board to give advice on this particular subject. Haha, I agree in general but discrediting a language teacher for not being a native speaker is kinda unfair. I know some insanely competent teachers of their non-native language, yet some completely hopeless ****tards among teachers of their own native languages. 
