http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142558-Your-First-Signature-Do-you-still-have-it-SHARE-IT!
 Your First Signature: Do you still have it? SHARE IT!
 Do you still have the first signature you ever made? I do since I could never bring myself to erase it. It's part of my development as a gfx'er and it's kind of nostalgic to look at it. When you made it? Mine is from August 2009, don't know the specific date though. With which program was made? Mine was made with GIMP, now I use Photoshop. Here is mine: 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 Since I joined this forum, I haven't changed my signature... I really don't know how to create them, pity me. Haha. ^^ 
 If you ever fall in love with another girl.. I wouldn't be able to live on! 
 Dang thats a dirty sig, shes like 12. Anyways... My first graphic I made: 1- wasn't made by me. 2- wasn't a sig. But it is something i'm pretty proud of and kept forever. http://newbmangadrawer.deviantart.co...aper-244015505 My first sig.... I remember making a few horrible ones... But Idk if they on my hard drive, I highly doubt it. Can't remember what of exactly though I was making a sig, similar to my sekirei one, but its on pause lol... it takes forever, hopefully I will continue later when I get some will to do it... (~70 different pictures in a gif (if thats possible...)) Also I edited my youtube and Twitch channel backgrounds, but using other people's pictures >.> I'm so bad at gfx lol, Will do a Animation/Modelling(forgot exactly) subject at the end of this year... Hopefully that helps me. As for my first sig, this sekirei thingy was my first sig (98% sure) I didn't make it though :'( Also I had more links in my sig, but I think a mod deleted them ;_; 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 My first sig I have ever made is this. I don't remember when, but it was m first. But I have been messing around with GIMP for a while before that. I used to use this on other accounts where my name was Randomness. 
  Spoiler 
 I just found mine somewhere on the internet: 
 LOL - Sometime in 2007 or 2008 Made with Photoshop 5. At the time I didn't know much about Photoshop effects and such, so just made it with scanned images and a few textures. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I can't exactly find my very very very first creation, which would've been sometime in 2005.. but I have this as the earliest (which may be around 2007-2009). I have always used Corel Paint Shop Pro X2, it's the only thing I'm comfortable with. Eugh. Nasty... 
xxavacredxx
 Ugh, I don't have my first sig it was so ugly that I deleted it, NO ONE HAS TO REMEMBER LOL. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Well for me personally, since I don't know how to make forum sigs and because I'm just not A huge fan of them I either, I use still images or gifs as "sigs". My first one was A Batman gif with Batz looking over Gotham and his cape flurrying in A rainstorm. Don't have the gif atm but It's from an animated dvd film that came out A few years ago. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 NVM, I somehow managed to find it! Its hilariously bad! ! 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 My signatures were not made by me but I was friends with the guy who made the Pokemon next to Pokehumans so he made me this with my name in it. It is the only known Darkrai pic =D Credits to Mark Laurenz 
 Supports = Backbone IGN: Renegade1880 
 I'm impressed by how big some are, lol. Since people are posting signatures not made by them as well, I will talk about my first signature ever, which was made by FatedPlatti from Tailedfox back in 2008. I lost it, so can't share it, but I can see it in my mind hahaha, it had Kaname Kuran from VK. :3 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 This is the first one that I made myself. This was actually the first forum I was a member of that used image signatures (rather than just text), so this is pretty much my first sig ever. Made it all the way back in the distant past of 2010--inorite, you can't remember that long ago, either. Just downloaded GIMP, threw some **** together, and I had a sig. I've reused some old sigs from time to time, but none of the ones I made using GIMP. After I "acquired" PS CS5 I never went back. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Mine wasn't really a signature - it was just a stamp that I stuck to my MAL account to announce that I was in a fanclub XD But yeah, its still floating around the internet :3 
 
 First anime I got really hooked on was bleach so my first sig was also about that. Pretty bad... 

 I have changed my signatures often so not sure if this was first or second : Used for it adobe affter effect , vegas and photo. (some people do them with caleskan). 
 
 Been a long time since this =p 
_____ ❤ _____ And so the sky becomes a dream; I never dreamt because I'm just too busy waiting for nothing.. and wasting away.
 July 2011 I was incredibly bad back then 
 Thanks Aoide :3 
 Originally Posted by NeonNinjaSushi July 2011 I was incredibly bad back then Doesn't matter if its bad or not, because in the future you get to see how much you have improved. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I feel sorry for my past self because i thought it was the shiznick. And it's not obviously 
 Thanks Aoide :3 
 I think I might and I am pretty sure I have my favorite one but I might get in trouble for it since I had to remove it long ago. 
 I have made a signature, my first ever however I cannot upload HTML code Why is this? Is this a security feature of the forum or something? 
 ^ Upload it as an image file, then use the "insert image" button in a post to show it. There are plenty of free places to host the image. 
 Here's a few tinypic.com imgur.com photobucket.com 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 This is my first signature. It's not the greatest one that I've made but it does it's job. 
 Signature made by Aoide.
