http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?148320-An-Introduction-to-Argumentative-Theory
 An Introduction to Argumentative Theory.
 Good morning fellow members of A4. I've toyed with the idea of writing a short, non-rigorous essay concerning a few topics pertaining to the fundamentals of debate. It's centered around the argumentative appeals of Aristotle. This is meant only to peak interest and provide a very basic understanding, an appreciation if you will. What is argumentative theory? In short, argumentative theory concerns itself with the study of how arguments are made, proven, dis-proven, argued... emphasizing the inspection of how underlying facts are used, the reasoning utilized, and the conclusion claimed. Within this essay, I use the term 'argument' as the over-arching convention, containing many smaller items within it. These smaller items will be called 'appeals'. Basic overview of the Aristotelian Appeals. Aristotle recognized 3 methodologies, 3 different persuasive forms to which someone bases their 'appeal' or argument off of. Often called the basic 'argumentative appeals', they are: 1. Pathos (Emotion) 2. Ethos (Character/experience) 3. Logos (Logic/reasoning) Pathos  Spoiler Pathos, meaning 'emotion' or 'feeling', deals with all manner of attempts at convincing the audience to adopt your position or discredit your opponent's position through the evocation of strong emotions (or strangely enough, the nullification of emotion altogether). Within the realm of Pathos, there are 3 perspectives from which to address emotion: Empathy, sympathy, and apathy. Empathy: When a Pathos Appeal is made from the empathetic perspective, the author wishes the audience to "feel" or "experience" the conditions themselves in-order-to build a rapport of understanding. More plainly this is the author's attempt to "place the audience in someone else's shoes" where this someone is usually a victim or suffering the consequences of the reality of a situation (depicted in the author's or opponent's argument). Empathy is evoked vicariously or through actual sharing of the experience within a situation. Sympathy: When a Pathos Appeal is made from the sympathetic perspective, the author desires to evoke 'pity' from his audience. More plainly, the author depicts a difference between what the audience enjoys and what the victims don't; sympathy is having pity for another creature because they do not have what you have... not because of their inherent position. "I feel bad for you because you do not have what I have." Sympathy stems from a position of perceived advantage concerning a situation. Apathy: When a Pathos Appeal is made from the apathetic perspective, the author is trying to suppress the audience's feelings or otherwise detach emotional consideration from the issue. More often than not, an apathetic appeal is used in conjunction with another device (Ethos or Logos) to downplay or disintegrate the emotional connection. A good example would be when there are 2 warring countries and the opposing armies try to dehumanize the other army so that their troops don't think of 'killing another human being"... "killing someone like me." Apathy is sympathetic and empathetic negation. Ethos  Spoiler Ethos, meaning 'character' or 'experience', concerns appeals pertaining to the personal, professional, or other qualities or vices which (given a topic) either qualify or disqualify an argument (in the form of an opinion). The importance is placed on "who is saying" not "what is being said". Essentially, Ethos comes in 2 flavors: Ab Hominem and Ad Hominem Ab Hominem: Latin for "from the person", it deals with appeals based off of qualities, occupations, or experiences, often valued by the audience, enabling the author to convince the audience due to the qualifications/characteristics he posses. Basically it's validation or acceptance of the position/argument because the audience has placed reposing trust in the author. "I trust the author's opinion because he is a qualified doctor."... aka professional opinions. Ab Hominem builds up character/experience. Ad Hominem: Latin for "to the person", this deals with appeals grounded in vices or inexperience, which disqualifies someone from having an opinion worthy of merit. Simply, it's the enumeration of items not valued or held is disdain. The author discredits the argument because of the opponent's personal faults or professional stagnancy. Ad Hominem tears down character/experience. Logos  Spoiler Logos, meaning 'Logic' or 'Reason' pertains to appeals derived from a logical calculus or logical reasoning of sorts. Neither the author's character nor the emotional considerations are prioritized; only the merit of the actual positions are compared. --- There are 3 essential elements to an argument using the Logos Appeal: premises, conclusion, and validity.  Spoiler Premises: They are simply the collection or the amalgam of supporting facts, propositions, axioms, etc which form the building blocks of the argument. Premises may be true or false (*in indefeasible logic) or be true, false, or reasonable (*in defeasible logic). *Note: Defeasible and Indefeasible Logic are explained later. Conclusion: The end-state of some operation on the premises, the final product of the position, the end result, etc. Conclusions may be true or false (indefeasible logic) or... true, false or reasonable (defeasible logic). Validity: The underlying logical structure, the nexus of casual relationships connecting the premises to the conclusion --- An argument is a valid argument if and only if the conclusion is true, assuming the premises are true. For an argument to be valid, you only have to check and see if the conclusion holds true if the premises are assumed true (whether or not they actually are is irrelevant). It's only hypothetical. You are checking the nature of the logic connecting the premises to the conclusion... not the individual premises themselves. An argument is a sound argument if and only if it's impossible for the conclusion to be false while all the premises are true. Putting it differently, an argument is sound if and only if it is a valid argument and all the premises are proven true. --- Logos Appeals can be characterized as either "Logic" or "Reasoning". In regular usage, these terms are synonyms, but in argumentative context, Logic refers to a a conclusion being derived from premises, while Reasoning assumes a conclusion and then discovers premises to support it. Logic demonstrates a conclusion; Reasoning justifies a conclusion.  Spoiler Logic: A + B -> C Reasoning: C -> A + B Given premises A & B, and conclusion C... Reasoning is the converse of Logic. --- There are 2 basic kinds of Logic: Defeasible (non-demonstrative) and Indefeasible (demonstrative) Logic. Defeasible: Non deductive logic, where there is a "margin of error" because the method of premise computation or relationship depiction isn't 100% proven or demonstrated. Think of probability and statistics, the real question cannot be proven so a 'reasonable' facsimile is substituted and checked in it's place. So long as the facsimile 'reasonably' represents the original, the author can say the conclusion of the original is reasonable/probable (given the analysis of the facsimile). Note: What constitutes 'reasonable' is debatable. Indefeasible: Deductive logic, the premises and validity directly demonstrate the conclusion to be true or false. There is no question about it. There is no margin of error, no reason-ability to be assumed. --- The Rebuttable Presumption, Burden of Proof and Prima Facie. All 3 of these are closely related to one another. Simply put, someone gets to enjoy the benefit of 'being right' from the beginning aka they enjoy Rebuttable Presumption. Their opponent then suffers the Burden of Proof, having to prove the first individual wrong. This can only be achieved through the introduction of a Prima Facie argument. Prima Facie is latin for "first face" or "first blush" and it means that the argument overcomes the Rebuttable Presumption and the Burden of Proof switches to the other party. An example which illustrates all this would be US Criminal Law. In US Criminal Law, the Rebuttable Presumption is that the accused is innocent. The prosecution suffers the initial Burden of Proof. The prosecution can only get a conviction at trial with a Prima Facie argument, proving the accused's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Putting it all together. Pathos: Try to realize when someone is playing on your emotions and realize which emotional perspective they are playing at. Do not fall prey to simple emotional reactions as that might be what your opponent wants. Ethos: Try to realize when someone is using their character/experience as the primary support for their argument. You trust the person, not the actual argument itself. Logos: Realize the difference between logic and reasoning. Know how to break down an opponent's argument into its premises, conclusion, and investigate the underlying logic. A valid argument isn't good enough... it's just a hypothetical construction; only believe a sound argument. Indefeasible logic is preferred; check up on defeasible logic to ensure it's reasonable. Understand the Burden of Proof and who enjoys the Rebuttable Presumption. Always strive for the Prima Facie argument; never accept anything less from your opponent. 
 Last edited by Captain Picard; 06-08-2013 at 04:14 AM. Reason: Fixed some grammar mistakes. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
