http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138091-Anime-where-the-main-characters-are-cocky-and-brash
[Anime] Anime where the main characters are cocky and brash
 Hello everyone, I'm new here and I would like it if someone could recommend some anime with cocky or brash main characters. Like Gene from Outlaw Star, for instance, except even more cocky. I guess I'm kind of looking for the anime version of Han Solo, if you will. Big mouthed, rogueish, and cool. What anime has characters like that? 
 Spike Spiegel from Cowboy Bebop man. A man who sticks his head into the lion's mouth and lights a cigarette while doing so. Cool, calm, and willing to get things done in however fashion he feels like. A true classic, if you're not too familiar, that'll be one of the first things you wanna hit. 
 Last edited by Sig; 02-05-2013 at 04:47 PM. 
 Yusuké Uraméshi from Yu Yu Hakusho..I think he goes overboard. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Black Lagoon, "two-hands" has no confidence issues. key-art.jpg 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 Try Kaze no Stigma. I'm not sure if you'd define him as "cocky," but he does seem pretty sure of himself in most instances. 
College. 
 Originally Posted by Kojima Kenji Try Kaze no Stigma. I'm not sure if you'd define him as "cocky," but he does seem pretty sure of himself in most instances. I havn't watched it all yet, but I wouldn't say he is cocky, but he is very confident in his ability 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews 
 Thanks for all the help guys, it was awesome. 
 Izayoi from Mondaiji-Taichi 
 Follow Me On The Twitter
 Where is Proto on this one? Chicken George is a bit cocky. Anyways - Nagi from Tenjou Tenge 
 Originally Posted by Kojima Kenji Try Kaze no Stigma. I'm not sure if you'd define him as "cocky," but he does seem pretty sure of himself in most instances. Kazuma is awesome.. very cocky. Despite being anti-social, he makes it look cool. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Luffy from One Piece. Lots to watch there and still ongoing. 

 Taitō from Hero Tales(not too bright at all, impolsive as hell, and cocky like no other) comes to mind. 
 Originally Posted by Calbob Black Lagoon, "two-hands" has no confidence issues. key-art.jpg So much this. *Revy fanboy gasp* 

 Ao no Exorcist: Rin is one frikkin' amazing demon with one hell of an ego x) Code Geass: Lelouch Vi Brittania has a serious God complex not to mention the various pride issues. Yet, one of the most amazing characters ever created. Medaka Box: Most of the main characters have a cocky sort of attitude Mirai Nikki: The main guy is ****. The main girl is an insane murderer with no confidence issues! Stiens; Gate: Both the main characters have madness and awesomeness in their own ways x) Samurai Champloo: The perfect example of egotistic creatures exist here 

 Kurono Kei from Gantz is cocky in a funny way. He is a badass but the way he goes about it is hilarious. I love it when he talks crap about people in his head. 

 the main character from: bastard, beelzebub, death note, 
 When im thinking then i think the main character from Shiki 
 
 I believe Tomoe ( the second main character ) in Kamisama Hajimemashita woud fit into this category. 
 "Even if armed with hundreds of weapons... there are times when you just can't beat a man with a spear of conviction in his gut." ". . . someday you'll be a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one." 
 Marcus damond from digimon data squad-dude punches digimon in the face 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Marcus damond from digimon data squad-dude punches digimon in the face If I'm thinking of the same guy I believe I saw a clip on youtube of him decking a venom myotismon in the face and causing a domino affect that in the end killed 3 venom myotismon's... I definitely agree with people that Kazuma from Kaze no Stigma falls into play for this. Outside of the shows like fairy tail and bleach I would suggest something like Special A where both of the main characters are very cocky and prideful, at least outwardly when around others. 
 Mikoto Suoh fits the description pretty well. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Akatsuki Ousawa from Hagure Yuusha no Estetica cocky and too OP . XD 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Lupin III Those Who Hunt Elves Bastard Slayers El Hazzard (the villain anyway) Cowboy Bebop 
 Like, every single protagonist in a shonen manga. Goku, luffy, naruto etc. 

 Kazuma and Ryuho from S-Cry-Ed Also Bleach was a shounen anime and I wouldn't consider Ichigo cocky or brash at all; he was more of a wet noodle. 
