http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155448-POLL-quot-My-Valentine-quot-Expression-Event-A4-Twist
 POLL: "My Valentine" Expression Event, A4 Twist
 Welcome to the Voting phase of the, "My Valentine" Expression Event, A4 Twist", plain and simple just vote what you like the best and multiple votes are allowed, and the poll will not be public (your username won't be shown). You don't have to reply why you like the entry, just vote and you're done. If you need to make a post, please keep the spamming at a minimum. You have until Thursday, February 13th 10:59 PM EST (check your local time) to cast your vote in. Afterwords, the winner will be revealed on Friday, February 14th. Thank you and I wish all the participants good luck! NuttsnBolts's Entry:  Spoiler The love of my life, You make me feel, So special and free, When you get down and kneel. NessaPie23's Entry  Spoiler Mihstah's Entry:  Spoiler DEAR SarahJay85, There's an odd fetching lad, who has a most disturbing forum dad. The daughter and father made a most mysterious young hero faintly sad. One comely afternoon, the mysterious hero shared his grace upon prying eyes. The hero subsequently became know as becoming, and our fetching lad could no longer disguise... She had fallen in love with a beyond reach legend, so sought after and yet she was convinced they would end up together. It came to be that our hero learned of the odd lad, and though slightly disturbed, he secretly cared for the her by continuing to unveil in his leisure. You cringe at all of my pics, because you know you like it. You beg me not to stop, but alas--you just can't write it. I know, Ego, won't let you admit us; you're in love with all my pictures. Still I care for you, thus; carry on with my lifting veils adventures. I'm yours in your mind, in reality it matters not what you find, I admire your psychotic blissfulness, my coy admirer--one of a kind. With Love, - The HeroGuy you're obsessing over. Ta-Ka's Entry:  Spoiler Roses are red, Brown is brown, Blood is blue, I am a weird European, and Raffee is a manly old dude. Raffee's Entry:  Spoiler Struggler's Entry:  Spoiler 
What is a word made up of 4 letters, yet is also made up of 3. Sometimes is written with 9 letters, and then with 4. Rarely consists of 6, and never is written with 5.
