http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159969-BlackLivesMatter-Dartmouth-College-Course
 #BlackLivesMatter Dartmouth College Course
 When I had heard the original story of the Ferguson shooting it was told that the officer had executed Mike Brown when he had surrendered and was in a submission position. I found this absolutely appalling and you can actually find some of my own posts and comments on this before more info came out. Then the evidence came out that Brown assaulted the officer while he was in his car (Picture of the officer's wounds, the blood splatter stains/DNA on the INSIDE of the driver-side car door, Brown's personal handkerchief on the door of the vehicle, and the 2 x .40 cal casings near the vehicle), and the rest of the evidence at the scene where Brown actually died indicates that Brown was moving toward the officer with shell casings extending BACKWARDS in retreat with Brown's blood as he was moving FORWARDS toward the officer with NONE of the shots entering entering Brown's back. Furthermore many of the witnesses testimony contradicted each other, with several witnesses admitting to changing their statements based on what others had said rather than what they had actually witnessed. There was a seriously ****ed up authority response to the Ferguson protests, and yes racism STILL exists in this country, but the narrative these people were pushing was completely opposite of what all the physical evidence suggests. There has been an alarming trend in US newsmedia of picking up and running with whatever "social justice" narrative they can without ever verifying it. They want to be part of an instrument of change rather than documenting the evidence for it. I'm not surprised people want to capitalize on this: "Come to our college, look at how progressive we are with our social teachings! Come here, give us your money, boost the standing of our institution, accept the narrative that appeals to you rather than critically evaluating events based on facts and evidence! Look we can make up our own links to past factual events to establish credibility for a false narrative, come join us make the world a better place!" The best characterization for this poison seeping into academia is the video of the white college student direly trying to convince a black LAPD police officer (that has suffered racism in the deep south) that he's oppressed based on his skin color while he remarks on the discrimination he faces for wearing a badge. 
 Last edited by ThisGuy; 02-08-2015 at 06:44 PM. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
