http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page8
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 8
 New Studio Trigger series, yay! All Girls High School Sword Battle Anime or something. The theme is "ruthless sword-fighting action in an all-girls high school" but focused on CHARACTER DRAMA -A transfer student wielding a weird sword that looks like half-scissors arrives at a school ruled by power and starts causing trouble. -The main characters are heroine Ryuuko and rival Satsuki. Ryuuko's theme is "UNIFORM X REVENGE", Satsuki's theme is "UNIFORM X DOMINATION". The heart of the show is their relationship and rivalry. -They were very specific in saying that both Ryuuko and Satsuki are the "protagonists" and that "their rivalry is what drives the entire series". -Satsuki rules the school with the power of her uniform and Ryuuko opposes her. The main drama is created betwen these two characters. -The show has two sides to it: BATTLE MANGA and CHARACTER DRAMA. It is set to run for 2-cours (24-26 episodes). -Release date unannounced. It's a 2-cours battle action show set in an all girls high school. The main characters are Ryuuko Matoi and Satsuki Kiryuuin. Satsuki is a transfer student who carries a one handed longsword and believes that might makes right. She attempts to subjugate the school body using her strength. Ryuuko, who carries a sword that looks like half-scissors, is the one who stands in her way, and seems to be driven by revenge. Originally the plan was to make a pure battle manga sort of series set in a highschool, with the main character beating rival after rival in combat. After Nakashima compled about 4 episodes worth of scripts, Imaishi probably got bored of it because he decided to trash everything. The series has apparently since been changed to focus on character drama instead. The rivalry between the two main characters will be a major driving force. Newtype Interview:  Spoiler Q: So while it took time, did the script-writing progress go well? Nakashima: Not at all. After we'd decided on a 2-cour series, I submitted the script for episodes 1-4 ... and Imaishi said "THIS ISN'T THE KIND OF WORK I WANT TO DO!" and ripped it apart. Q: This sounds familiar. Did that happen during TTGL, too? Nakashima: During the show. Six years ago, Imaishi ripped up the finished script for Episode 1 while screaming "The drill in my heart won't spin with **** like this!" Imaishi: Did I really say that? It's like my words are getting blown out of proportion (haha). Nakashima: This time, it ended up with "I can't wear sailor uniforms with this kind of story!" while ripping up 4 episodes' worth of script. Imaishi: Eh~? Does that mean I have to wear a sailor uniform if I okay'd the script? Q: Hahaha. So there was a big turnaround in direction. Nakashima: TTGL had one draft denied, but this time it was 4. The acceptance rate fell! (haha) Imaishi: I'm sorry. Haven't got used to it, have you? (haha) Nakashima: But no question, the script is very interesting. Q: So with this major directional change, what were the effects on the story? Nakashima: Initially we were making a battle-manga type show, but it changed to character drama. The battle-show planned for a complete story ended up becoming a work where regular characters' development/drama will be thoroughly explored. The work coincidentally became much more interesting from there. Imaishi: The heroine (Ryuuko Matoi)'s personality changed, too. Nakashima: Ryuuko was initially a completed character. But after the changes in script, she became the type of character where one would get involved in incidents by circumstance, and we made it so the viewer and the heroine would discover what's happening in this world at the same time. Ryuuko therefore became a character with much more vitality. Imaishi: We thought we'd go all out with the best elements from shounen manga. We decided to make this work one where the audience can feel strongly about the main character with a diversity of emotions. Q: Did the whole series' structure change as well? Nakashima: It's still changing here and there. Imaishi: And that makes it vastly different from TTGL. TTGL didn't change very much from the first planned structure. But KLK is going beyond that. Nakashima: With KLK, the whole staff (with me included) submit ideas, like "Hey, this would be cool", and the series' layout keeps changing. It's really a live production. If anything, it's quite similar to the experience I had when I was producing weekly manga. With weekly manga, you keep developing/making things in the direction the characters are moving, so it's really fun. KLK gave me that vibe. Q: How did you undertake the script writing? Imaishi: Just a few people. Actually, Nakashima wrote most of the 2-cour script. The Nakashima concentration in this script is very high! Nakashima: Actually, we wanted to have the "battles with special powers" thing for the whole story so we considered having a lot of writers to provide some quality variety. But then, the character drama started getting intense, so … "then I'll write the next script, .. and the one after that, and after that too". Before we knew it, I'd done most of the writing. It was like TWENTY-FOUR. Imaishi: It was a pleasant surprise to have had Nakajima write almost all of the episodes' script. 

