http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page386
 League of Legends - Page 386
 Jinx is ludicrous in games against bots. Her speed and hitting ability make her virtually impossible for any tanks to catch her. 

 She's super fun in ARAM, at least if she's on your team. So much zoning ability, just completely wrecks most initiation. 

 Wow... Wild Turtle has 4 challenger accounts o.o Why does he have so many accounts rofl... Also, he's such a well known adc, everyone lets him adc. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Wow... Wild Turtle has 4 challenger accounts o.o Why does he have so many accounts rofl... Also, he's such a well known adc, everyone lets him adc. Tell us something we didnt find out months ago, Pured. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ Tell us something we didnt find out months ago, Pured. Pfft, how was I supposed to know? I just found that out in a random youtube video -3- 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Pfft, how was I supposed to know? I just found that out in a random youtube video -3- Because everyone else knows this? You're like the slowpoke of League's community. I knew this for several months now. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 I'm done with ranked for the season. This sh*t is ridiculous. I either completely murder the entire enemy team myself, or I lose. I can't just play a decent game and win. It has to be me every time. I'm so disappointed in the way the end of this season has turned out. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here I'm done with ranked for the season. This sh*t is ridiculous. I either completely murder the entire enemy team myself, or I lose. I can't just play a decent game and win. It has to be me every time. I'm so disappointed in the way the end of this season has turned out. No trust me. I'm like 2 wins outta my last 10 in ranked. My LP per win has gone from 25 to 10 because of the losing streak. And yes I sucked alot, but overall my team sucked a ton too. Last win was with Leona. Back to support I suppose. 

 You don't understand. My point is that I'm not sucking. The only thing that I fail to do in these games is solo carry, and that's too much to ask for one person to do. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Scumbag Ixi being a scumbag and not sharing kills, dooming his team to starve for gold. hue 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 But there's creeps that give gold... 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 LOL. Ixi rebutle OP! As for streaks... I got 1 account on a 7 win streak and another on a 6 loss streak lol. My third account ispractically 1:1 **** consistancy... Why would anyone want that... -.- 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Coming back from almost a year out of LoL my placement matches have been hilarious. I either lane against something that existed a year ago and do well, or end up vs random new champions and just wing it. ALSO WHEN WE START A 5s TEAM WE CANT USE THE NAME "THE FLAMING DIRIGIBLES" because another team took it (although I am currently scheming to find a way on said team so I can hijack it for my own purposes.) Another team name* must be found. *no dick related names because those are immature and childish** **unless they are really funny. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
 I would reply something witty, but that's too mainstream and difficult. 
 Minion spawn time changed to 1:00Monster spawn time changed to 1:30 Outter tower (possibly all towers) gold distribution changed to killer 250 allies 75 each. New jungle item gives significantly increased gold income for jungler. Baron buff remade to increase tower killing damage by a large % and grant a out-of-combat MS boost(like ms5 boots). the old regen and ap/ad buff removed First blood within first 4 minutes reduced reward to 240 gold. Mid laner will gain abit from masteries change. also mid laner need to roam alot more. Bot lane lane winner support will be a very big carry after lane phase. source http://lol.gamebbs.qq.com/thread-444575-1-1.html Riot s3 logic: WE WANT FAST AND AGGRESSIVE GAMES. Riot s4 logic: Woah Woah wait a minute guys, I want you guys to go back to the s2 meta. First blood and towers gold reduced. Go back to farming. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Hmmm, I don't know what to think of these changes. It looks like they're trying to discourage early game aggression and encourage a playstyle where you use big objectives like Baron to take the game. I rather like the snowball style, but it seems that they'll be toning back on it quite a bit. This could be a really good thing, most notably in solo queue. Up until now, dying early to a jungler gank, which was incredibly hard to avoid sometimes, spelled the end of your lane. Against a really good snowball champion like Riven it was absolutely retarded because a single kill for him meant he knew without a shadow of a doubt that he could win every exchange from then on out too. With a lane like top against a good ganking jungler like Elise you were basically just in a very vulnerable position no matter what you did so it just sucked. 
 Well, I actually like these changes Except the OP baron buff... 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here You don't understand. My point is that I'm not sucking. The only thing that I fail to do in these games is solo carry, and that's too much to ask for one person to do. Even when I did halfway decent or better my team sucked too. Don't worry its just poor matching. 

 

 @Teams sucking I think a lot of people need to realize that for the vast majority of players, skill is related to LoL to only a certain extent. Take, for example, three people in ELO hell: Person A: Baddie The baddie is the vast majority of people in ELO hell. He/she belongs here because he/she is just terrible at the game. Whether it be a lack of mechanical skills, horrible tactical decisions, or just all around general incompetence, he/she will never get out of ELO hell. Just awful. A lot of baddies confuse themselves for person B in my classification system. Person B: Good Player in Bad Division Occasionally, you come across a legitimately good player in a bad division. He/she will perform well nearly every game by winning lane, getting farm/kills, and making good plays all around the map. Unfortunately for this person, his/her team is too heavy, and accounting for only 20% of the team's ability is not enough. When all of the other members on his/her team **** the bed, there's little that can be done, despite the fact that the good player may be 6-1 with 210 farm at 20 minutes. This player is often told that it's his fault that he can't get into higher leagues, but a lot of the time it's not true. Going on tilt from bad team after bad team doesn't help either. Person C: the God of LoL This person is just passing through the division. I'm talking about players like Froggen, Faker, Wildturtle, or Cruiserthebruiser--all people I've seen grind from Silver 1 to Diamond 1 quickly. On Egg of Froggen, until about Diamond 2 Froggen was something along the lines of 26-0 on Fizz. He was so good at the game that he'd dominate his lane from 2 minutes in, and then dominate every other lane. Wildturtle is another example with being able to take four accounts to Challenger. He's just so incredibly good at the game that in teamfights he can legitimately outplay people in 1v5 and his teammates only need to act as meatshields and CC bots to let him do his thing. Unfortunately to deny the existence of person B, people often refer to person C. This is kind of silly because you can be a Plat 4 level player stuck in Gold 5; it's not that hard to believe. Of course if you're a top tier challenger player you're going to be able to smash through the early divisions solo. A player who's skilled above his league may just not be as good as Faker, putting him in a really bad spot. 
 Eh, from what I've seen it's more like "Baddie" being players who are sorely lacking in at least one area of their play you mentioned, who would be capable of transitioning to a "Good player" once they identify those flaws and actually address them. You only stay a baddie if you keep refusing to address your own inadequacies and claiming you're doing everything you can. For sure though with the current system, there's likely players who deserve to be in a higher division, if not a higher tier, but are simply unable to play so well they make up for all of their teams flaws. I don't those players are common though. I think a lot of people think they themselves are that player, because yeah maybe they farm like a maniac and got well ahead in their lane, but if they aren't making the right decisions throughout the game in how they handle their lane and how they interact with their other lanes then they aren't good enough to be moving up. If you're ahead by a couple waves worth of CS and up a kill or two in lane, you should probably be looking to gain global advantages (towers, dragon), steal from the enemy jungle, or gank your teams lanes so more people on your side are benefiting from the advantage you took. That's where I see a lot of "good players" failing to actually show that they are good players. Granted, sometimes just suppressing your lane opponent as long as possible to keep them from snowballing might be the right decision. If you're against an assassin mid, especially like Kassadin or something, or if you're against Jax or Singed top and can keep them from getting those early advantages that allow them to become such late game nightmares then you're doing well. But just sitting in lane up to 20 minutes, repeatedly killing your lane opponent and farming up a bunch while your other lanes are falling behind or at best going even is not necessarily going to win you the game. Farm and kills are just a means to an end. They don't win the game, at best they just potentially make it easier to take the actual objectives that lead to wins. If you aren't making the most of those advantages then you're part of the reason your team lost no matter how well you were doing. Note, I'm not saying this at you in particular Buddy, since you obviously do know all of it, but yeah I don't feel like your definitions really get to the heart of the issue and don't address why people who think they're good aren't actually as good as they think. 

 Eh, I am saying that the vast majority of the players are the baddies, but there are still some good players here and there. Example: I was probably a better player when I played in silver 1, yet I was able to get into plat 5 eventually (got demoted from inactivity though ;_. I was stuck in gold 5 for god knows how long because of straight up horrible teams. Nearly every loss was absolutely their fault. Suddenly, out of nowhere, I shot up to gold 3 after some intense persistence and duo queue magic, and eventually broke into plat 5. The system is random and really bad, disheartening strings of luck can occur is my main point I guess. When I eventually got out of gold I really just didn't want to play the game anymore. The 5v5 format is a hell of a lot of fun, but so much of it just comes down to random chance. Maybe after 500 games the system will even out fairly. A lot of it before that is a straight up crapshoot, such as my getting to gold 5 in 34 games because I had teammates who followed up on my decisions, but then spending the next 100 games in gold 5 (many of which at 0LP) with complete autists. 
 A thing I have noticed when playing ranked. When you are doing bad and you start raging at your teammates and somehow end up getting reported. you will get horrible teammates the next game too. This is how losing streaks happen. I'm not sure if its something intended by riot. but that's how I'm seeing things. It feels like you get grouped with a bunch of *ssholes once you get reported, but when you don't everything goes perfect. of course everyone has their own experience. I've only noticed that you get way more chances to carry games if you just ignore everything people say in game. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Note, I'm not saying this at you in particular Buddy, since you obviously do know all of it, but yeah I don't feel like your definitions really get to the heart of the issue and don't address why people who think they're good aren't actually as good as they think. Cognitive biases, Ian. Dunning-Kruger effect op. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
  Spoiler 

