http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159087-Absolute-Duo
[Fantasy] Absolute Duo
 Absolute Duo (Japanese: アブソリュート・デュオ) is a Japanese light novel series by Takumi Hiiragiboshi with illustrations by Yū Asaba. Media Factory has published six volumes since 2012 under their MF Bunko J imprint. It has received two manga adaptations. An anime television series adaptation by 8-Bit has been announced to start in the 2015 winter season. A boy named Tōru Kokonoe decides that after losing someone precious in a terrifying incident, he wants to become stronger and enrolls in a special school where people manifest their souls as weapons called Blaze. Tōru is capable of producing his own Blaze, but for some reason it manifests as a shield instead of a weapon. PV: 
 Last edited by Ned; 01-06-2015 at 12:39 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Hmm...hard to make an opinion on it so far. But I will say if Tōru Kokonoe is one of those whiny boy characters, no. Just no. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 Is this harem? Has to be. If so, **** this noise. 
 It isn't really harem...I think...from the 2 manga chapters I read. Fairly interesting and typical, nothing special so far. 

 Originally Posted by Revive It isn't really harem...I think...from the 2 manga chapters I read. Fairly interesting and typical, nothing special so far. Thanks for helping me to decide not to watch 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 First episode is here! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I don't think it will be a memorable anime, but I'm definitively going to watch it. 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 Someone died? Better go to special soul/skill school, tale as old as time. , I will give it a shot. 
 Created by norwegianmoose
 I was waiting for someone to make this thread ! From watching the first episode...I cannot wait for the next/ Really looks like something i'll enjoy Julie reminds me of Est from tsukai no blade dance i lav it <3 

 Originally Posted by MilkChan Hmm...hard to make an opinion on it so far. But I will say if Tōru Kokonoe is one of those whiny boy characters, no. Just no. Signature regards the anime Noucome. It was actually a pretty enjoyable rom-com, despite its love triangle and fanservice jokes. I'll pass on this harem, thanks though. 
 It's only the first episode but I already love it. Interesting and cute! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 The Third episode was awesome! They work well together. Can't wait for the next episode! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I think i'm actually in love with this, might be over obsessing with it but it's just so good :3 

 Julie is soooo kawaii!! For some reason Toru reminds me of the main guy from go sick. Lilith is a ****ing spoild little *****! 
 Last edited by J4sm1n4; 02-02-2015 at 03:38 PM. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Yo, so I checked out the latest episode...who is this Blondie c*nt? Also, Tor really seems to be attached to his Duo, that Albino loli...good to see an MC who has resolute feelings. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
