http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151303-A4-s-groups/page2
[General Discussion] A4's groups - Page 2
 Originally Posted by MichaelArkAngel Would still like to see this site have a Skype group, a place for those that have skype accounts to go and hang out together. it could work out pretty well for meeting new members or just getting to know those in the forums that much better! You are always free to make your own skype group and invite people from A4 to it. It has been done before as a group totally separate from the forum and it lasted a really long time so it can work if u get enough people. Oh and screw the 11's for being the only group that actually talks to each other. How dare they? 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Great advantage that elevens have is ability to freely talk, voice chat, communicate better without some mod telling him not to use petty bad words. Therefore, we get to know each other better (if we want to) and as far as I know place is pretty friendly. Some of you got pretty annoyed by Elevens posters in August chat thread. The group is part of the forum LOL and at least you could have let it go for that month since it was birthday of A4. I do understand that some people got annoyed by it, but posts were funny, some of them probably looked childish. But if you take into account other types of posts around the forum you might as well figure how harmless all that was. The idea of elevens is to get people together, make some friends and talk to them freely. Members connecting to each other, talking to each other, sharing some stories etc. Pretty much we have a lot of fun in rc when we gather. When you don't know anything about something, its the best not to comment. 
 Yeah, the groups section thing here is a wee dead, but it's fun to poke in there and see some of the still surviving groups, even if they are on life support. I like that the Elevens meet on and off site though, makes it more fun. Obnoxious? Kind of a prerequisite to join A4, isn't it? 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 The Elevens are a cult like Rei said >. Kyo hypnotizes with his tiara. The end. But i don't actually know too many active groups besides the Elevens, or any as socially available as the Elevens... 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle The Elevens are a cult like Rei said >. Kyo hypnotizes with his tiara. The end. But i don't actually know too many active groups besides the Elevens, or any as socially available as the Elevens... STFU and drink the Kool-Aid! I mean.. uh, yeah. OP: But yeah, Groups that connect through Skype, that wouldn't be a bad idea. The RP Society should definitely attempt that. Working on strategies for the RP Realm in real-time with other like minded individuals (I'd participate in something like that). 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle Kyo hypnotizes with his tiara. The end. That leaves a frighteningly creepy and gay image in my mind. Well, yes. The Elevens do seem and function like a cult in many's eyes. And their obnoxious ways of being known is notorious. And annoying But at least they don't bombard our personal profiles, like a bunch of immature teenager tags. And it's nice to have a group thats active, at least. 
 
 Originally Posted by MichaelArkAngel Would still like to see this site have a Skype group, a place for those that have skype accounts to go and hang out together. it could work out pretty well for meeting new members or just getting to know those in the forums that much better! Create one! :P Originally Posted by Elfa Great advantage that elevens have is ability to freely talk, voice chat, communicate better without some mod telling him not to use petty bad words. Therefore, we get to know each other better (if we want to) and as far as I know place is pretty friendly. Some of you got pretty annoyed by Elevens posters in August chat thread. The group is part of the forum LOL and at least you could have let it go for that month since it was birthday of A4. I do understand that some people got annoyed by it, but posts were funny, some of them probably looked childish. But if you take into account other types of posts around the forum you might as well figure how harmless all that was. The idea of elevens is to get people together, make some friends and talk to them freely. Members connecting to each other, talking to each other, sharing some stories etc. Pretty much we have a lot of fun in rc when we gather. When you don't know anything about something, its the best not to comment. Actually, I agree with the people that got annoyed. There were a bunch of people unassociated with the 11s posting in there and trying to have fun, but any side conversations were drowned out. Then some guys invented the "moe squad" as a counter. I actually don't have a problem with the 11s. I do have an issue with them thinking that they are better than the rest of A4 and your post kinda reinforces that thinking for me. You just said "without mods telling us not to use bad words." We've had groups before the 11s and we've done unmoderated Skype get togethers in the past. I kinda miss those, but the 11s is not revolutionary. It is however nice to see members communicating and making friends. As for not being allowed say what you want? You can say whatever the hell you want in any chat client that is not part of A4. Even A4's own IRC chatroom has loose rules. You obviously can't post porn or something, but you can say whatever. The Chatbox has tighter rules because it was activated for the people that didn't like how unmoderated the IRC room was. Basically, the Chatbox is much more young user friendly than the IRC room, which is still there. We have something to cater for everyone if they choose to avail of it, but they don't and that's not our problem. Michael, you should definitely create the Skype group and invite some people to it. It's never been a moderator thing to do. We don't moderate Skype, so it's up to the users The staff does our own scheduled calls, but I am sure other members of staff wouldn't mind popping into the community calls as well. I know I would love to. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 10-09-2013 at 01:26 PM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple I actually don't have a problem with the 11s. I do have an issue with them thinking that they are better than the rest of A4 and your post kinda reinforces that thinking for me. You just said "without mods telling us not to use bad words." We've had groups before the 11s and we've done unmoderated Skype get togethers in the past. I kinda miss those, but the 11s is not revolutionary. It is however nice to see members communicating and making friends. LOL, you are getting so good at deducing things lately. 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ That leaves a frighteningly creepy and gay image in my mind. Well, yes. The Elevens do seem and function like a cult in many's eyes. I dont know how we function like a cult :P 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 For me, the Elevens started as a closely knit group, I have to admit, I had great fun getting to know Kyo and having conversations with the incoming members and building up the group when I was the Gaming Individual. And I was meeting different people; who had different values, beliefs, opinions and offered friendship. But slowly, it evolved into an group who had members who performed obnoxious acts and I had got to know people from the forums on a level where I begun to strongly dislike them in every possible way for their stupidity and lack in understanding the simple concepts of opinion, when one or two members (who had first joined) had left the group and A4 - because of some people they had encountered and their actions. This group - when I was a part of it - had goals to be well recognised on A4, and honestly, I applauded their intentions and felt proud for their goals. But now, I look at the group as an outsider - it's just annoying cult to me, and to a lot of people here on A4 too. But hey, this isn't a fact - its my opinion. And if you're upset by it and have to attack me for it, I will laugh. 
 
 Meh The Elevens are just like any other group on A4. Our group chats or what have you, are just like a bunch of friends enjoying each others company. I can understand that we can be a bit obnoxious, irritating etc, but yeah I see that every day here on these forums and other communities as well. Illusions of some sinister, secret society with a superiority complex operating within this site is just invalid, and that notion is what's so ludicrous to us members. Surely I'm not saying that people don't have the right to dislike us or criticize us, but they're needn't be misunderstandings either. I think that we have totally displayed ourselves in a very ambiguous and obnoxious manner in the past, but like I said, that happens on these forums and other such communities all the time. Maybe we do have some crazy members in the group, lol, but then again they acted the same even before they joined the Elevens. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Lmao. I like the novel worthy paragraphed posts so far. But as for the Elevens? It's a community within a community? There's bad apples to be sure, and even call me one if you like. Just like bad apples on this forum and others. But I'd never go as far as to make a blanketed generalization about the group, or A4. We have members that range from different spectrums entirely. You have Turtle in this topic here, who is far from obnoxious and is pretty much harmless, unless you look at his avatar long enough. On the far end of the other, you have people like Oh Snap who joined for shits and giggles and whatnot. But it's a pretty diverse mix of good, bad, and neutral. And if it's guilt by association, then holy hell is there a long list on the forums to be made. Are some members obnoxious? Sure. Are some thoughtful and kind? Also true. More good members than bad? Yup. Debate it, but it's true. I actually tried to steer this to include the only two other functioning groups: WSA (a little alive), and the RP Society (dead). But it always rounds out back to the Elevens, no? Interesting. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ For me, the Elevens started as a closely knit group, I have to admit, I had great fun getting to know Kyo and having conversations with the incoming members and building up the group when I was the Gaming Individual. And I was meeting different people; who had different values, beliefs, opinions and offered friendship. But slowly, it evolved into an group who had members who performed obnoxious acts and I had got to know people from the forums on a level where I begun to strongly dislike them in every possible way for their stupidity and lack in understanding the simple concepts of opinion, when one or two members (who had first joined) had left the group and A4 - because of some people they had encountered and their actions. This group - when I was a part of it - had goals to be well recognised on A4, and honestly, I applauded their intentions and felt proud for their goals. But now, I look at the group as an outsider - it's just annoying cult to me, and to a lot of people here on A4 too. But hey, this isn't a fact - its my opinion. And if you're upset by it and have to attack me for it, I will laugh. Sure I guess I'll bite We are still a close group and idk why u think that changed. When I first got into the group u were being a ***** to everyone every time you logged on, but maybe that was just because u saw the stupidity in everyone at that point. Either way your departure from the 11's was probably the best for everyone. We still have goals for the group and I assure you we are taking steps to making it happen. Yup we can totally be obnoxious at times on the forum and I can see how that can come across to people but I didn't think it would warrant that much attention. A cult? Dont be silly we are just a group of people who chill. We are pretty far from a cult lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz Sure I guess I'll bite We are still a close group and idk why u think that changed. When I first got into the group u were being a ***** to everyone every time you logged on, but maybe that was just because u saw the stupidity in everyone at that point. Either way your departure from the 11's was probably the best for everyone. We still have goals for the group and I assure you we are taking steps to making it happen. Yup we can totally be obnoxious at times on the forum and I can see how that can come across to people but I didn't think it would warrant that much attention. A cult? Dont be silly we are just a group of people who chill. We are pretty far from a cult lol This came to my mind  Spoiler 

 I'm only listing the positive and negatives that I experienced and saw, when I was in the group. And I, as a A4 forumer, have pointed out that its not a solid fact or that I'm definitely right and even, wrong. I never said anything about the change in the closeness of the group - I couldn't justify the status of the group, right now. And as I have said, attack me for my opinions - I had a good laugh, thank you for entertaining me, while I was in class And maybe, you should read more into what I was saying? After all, I did have a good and bad experience with the group. 
 
 You had a good laugh yet u felt the need to respond lol I know it was just your opinion and my post was a response to clarify that since u left it has changed and that at this point u know as much as anyone who has never been on RC with us. Oh and the way u worded things did imply a change in the closeness of the group but if ur saying that wasnt your intention then fine, I'll let that go. Anyway, I should probably stop talking cuz I wouldnt want your "friends" to make accounts on A4 and harass me for supposedly attacking you. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Are we really still talking about this? Some of you don't like the Elevens, cool. Some of you love them, cool. I'm tired of people both Eleven members and non eleven members bringing up the group and arguing with each other. Get the **** over yourself and actually talk about things with a brain cell or heck maybe even with a level head. You can have an opinion, but your choice of words and direction headed within your responses reveal your true tongue, good or positive. Its a group on A4 for people to talk with each other. Get over it. 
 Signature By NorwegianMoose. Thanks again!!
