http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151650-Plans-for-Halloween/page2
[Personal Life Discussions] Plans for Halloween? - Page 2
 I would just wear a Mask going around and scary little kids xD 
 
 @Nutts, I believe it is becomming more common in Australia the past few years. I know a few places celebrate it (oatley) Also there have been a few people in my street, even my siblings have done it the past 2 years with their school friends. @Rima, First of all, it is to celebrate dead people or something like that. Secondly, people celebrate it without even knowing what it's about. +I don't feel like going around annoying people just so I can eat more junk than I usually do. Removed-nvm forgot ur 13- @Akio, Kidnap me anytime, don't need to wait for halloween. @Mister, No. Oh! I just remmebered what I will be doing for halloween. Playing Runescape o3o Possibly Elsword (if I have the time...) For the halloween events :3 
 Last edited by Pured; 10-12-2013 at 05:06 PM. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Going Trick or Treating with some friends as Stan Marsh because **** you its free candy; I'm not passing up on that. 
 If I'm bothered, give candy out to kids. 
 
  Spoiler My costume is sorted. 
 buy some food and have horror movie marathon maybe inviting couple friends. 
 So kawa...kowai :3 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Stay home and watch anime.Also see kids prank our house with eggs and toilet paper.Yeah....the usual. 

 Originally Posted by Just a dream Stay home and watch anime.Also see kids prank our house with eggs and toilet paper.Yeah....the usual. Seriously??? How can you be casual about that? I'd get my kettle and chilli ready. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Watch the male Japanese exchange students probably dress up as women, see them get extremely drunk and carve pumpkins. Then have to carry drunk kids back to their rooms. ._. Or at least that's what happened to my friend last year at one of those parties. I get to go this year as part of the program I'm in. Whooo. Knowing my friends, they'll probably want me to drink too. Or trick-or-treating (because exchange students are a legit excuse in my town) or see what my friends are up to. I want to put makeup on my best guy friend just because his cheekbones look damn sexy made up. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 I suppose I'm still young enough to go asking for candy at other people's doorsteps. Also going to listen to Vocaloid horror. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Originally Posted by Protoss Going Trick or Treating with some friends as Stan Marsh because **** you its free candy; I'm not passing up on that. SEE now Anthony has the right idea! he smart who doesn't want free candy? 
 People who do not want the occasional expired or drugged candy and candy from pedophiles o 3o;; Plus, last year, I gave stale candy away to troll people from my school and ate the good ones, that was fun enough for me O A O! 
 
 I never buy candy because i do not like candy much, but if i get any i will eat it all before the kids come to my house. It is better to say i did not get them any candy in the first place. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Dressing up for Halloween. Passing out candy. Watching horror movies all night. =) 
 Change of plans.... Apparently I'm dressing up as Donatello from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.... Three of my other friends are going to be the other characters and we're going to go have a night on the town.... Fun sh!t.... 
Balance.... I'm losing it.....The ground beneath does not exist.... If this isn't nice, then I don't know what is....  Spoiler  Spoiler "The whole story has it that as we go through life, we really don't change.... We just become more of the same.... You look around you as the years go by and it seems a very valid premise.... People don't change.... As a matter of fact most of us resist change very strongly.... Yet change is a sure thing.... The only variable rate.... Slowly read as evolution and fast as revolution...." 
 There are bushfires atm... I can smell them from my house too. Maybe I should go around with a gasoline tank asking for matches. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio I never buy candy because i do not like candy much, but if i get any i will eat it all before the kids come to my house. It is better to say i did not get them any candy in the first place. I'd be one of those disappointed children who'd trick-or-treat at your door, only to find that you didn't have any candy. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Originally Posted by Ruri I'd be one of those disappointed children who'd trick-or-treat at your door, only to find that you didn't have any candy. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 There is gonna be a Halloween party at my school so i'll probably be there then when thats over im a probably go out with some friends and chill for the rest of the night 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio There are several things i do. When someone comes up to knock i open the door just before they know. It freaks them out. For the past few years, i have broken into one of my friends' houses after they go to sleep and i wake them up by standing over them with a fake knife and my face covered in blood. Akio, you have just helped me decide what I am going to do for Halloween. Hah, my Halloweens are usually pretty quiet because of the part of town I live in. I'll probably do [above] and sit around watching halloween or horrow themed anime/films. With sweets. Oh so many sweets. All while sending my triplet siblings on a door to door quest to gather me sweet things! The people in my town think that if you're over 11 trick or treating is not for you so you don't get anything. *Shakes fist at aging* 
 My Anime List
 You task your siblings with retrieving candy! That is blatant abuse of power. I had another idea today. You know how some doors have a little roof over them? Well the one above my front door i can climb into and sit there, it is the perfect spot to make little kids defecate themselves. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Personally, I just moved to a new state so I will be seeing how many kids actually come to m door otherwise watch a bunch of scary movies with m friend and cousin. I already miss scaring the neighborhood kids... they were so easy to scare. 
 Work. Everyone seems so paranoid these days. When I was a kid we would go out on our own and get candy. Now parents walk with their kids and they only go to people that they know. Maybe I'll take a mask to work and scare some people. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 Originally Posted by Pured Seriously??? How can you be casual about that? I'd get my kettle and chilli ready. *Shrugs* to lazy to even care? 

