http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153391-New-Zelda-Wii-U-title-hopes
 New Zelda Wii U title hopes?
 Just like to get an opinion for the new upcoming Zelda Wii U title's style. I asked a couple of my friends and they all hoped for a continuation of the Skyward Sword stle. Personally, I hope for a return to the more realistic style, it doesn't have to be dark like Majora's Mask or Twilight Princess, I think the tech demo they showed off would be perfect as a new style. But I doubt they'll go with that. They're experimenting and will likely try something new, or refreshed. Either way, looking forward to the game and it should be (Along with Smash Bros) my reason to buy a Wii U. Thoughts on what you're hoping for? 
 Even though I won't buy a wiiu, I hope they continue it from Twilight Princess, that was personally my favorite Zelda game. 

 Ocarina of time still stands as the best zelda game ever made imo. I have played quite a few and it was just fantastic so Im for a game like that. I think my fave aspect of the game was the story obviously and the starting as a kid turning adult and then being able to switch back and forth and really just everything about that game was awsome. but there is also different aspect from other zelda games I liked as well so maybe they could take all the best aspect and weapons from all previous zelda games and combine them with the best story they can come up with. 
 Yeah I agree, Ocarina definitely stands the test of time. I think they tried to put the best of all Zelda games in Twilight Princess, which personally I love, but a lot of the Zelda community give it a hard time. 
 Originally Posted by Debaser Yeah I agree, Ocarina definitely stands the test of time. I think they tried to put the best of all Zelda games in Twilight Princess, which personally I love, but a lot of the Zelda community give it a hard time. I thought T.P was and amazing game as well. Very detailed and more realistic vs the childish approach of most zelda games and the back and forth of wolf mode and all the sword techs and overall very well done game. When I play a game I tend to enjoy the ability to switch things up from weapons to costumes, modes ( kid to adult and wolf etc..) and just about anything else the more customizable and ability to do things in many different ways the better. It just gives that feel that your in control doing things the way you want vs the way you have to do it. I think that is mostly what attracted me to games like final fantasy and zelda and other games like it because they are free roam. Obviously there is set missions and stuff you must accomplish but its not so linear in the sense of one level to the next. like zelda - You can stop and go fishing or mini games and there is alot of hidden things that you can miss if you do not look around like heart containers and magics and songs so there is plenty to do outside go here and then go there and do everything is a set up fashion. final fantasy - tons of armor and side quests and legendary weapons and hidden gfs/aeons/whatever you wanna call them and you can usually get them whenever you want so again gives that feeling of free choice like your doing it because you want to in a sense. 
 Originally Posted by Zenex Ocarina of time still stands as the best zelda game ever made imo Ocarina of time - The first zelda game I ever played. My dad rented it for me on a whim he thought I might like the game. I fell in love with the zelda game right here. I rented the crap out of that game. Majora's Mask - I am not sure if I like it more than OoT. I love the story and many of the side quests and areas a lot more than the previous game but it can get annoying sometimes with the three days thing. Twilight Princess - Unlike Twilight itself, This game didn't blow lol. My second favorite Zelda game. New Wii U Zelda - If its as good as the three above I want to play it. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Ocarina of time - The first zelda game I ever played. My dad rented it for me on a whim he thought I might like the game. I fell in love with the zelda game right here. I rented the crap out of that game. Majora's Mask - I am not sure if I like it more than OoT. I love the story and many of the side quests and areas a lot more than the previous game but it can get annoying sometimes with the three days thing. Twilight Princess - Unlike Twilight itself, This game didn't blow lol. My second favorite Zelda game. New Wii U Zelda - If its as good as the three above I want to play it. I never beat maj. mask I started it but cant remember for the life of me what happened and why i did not finish it. maybe I should look into it haha. Also thank your dad haha Ocarina is a masterpiece and if you get bored there is even an ocarina of time master quest which is the same game with much more elaborate dungeons. They also redid it i found out recently for the ds and I cant wait to play it if I ever buy one. I read they are gonna redo final fantasy 8 which i look forward to aswel because that game is my 2nd fave final fantasy game. Most like 7 but for me its 10,8,7 
 I actually wouldn't mind more Toon Link, but I might be in the minority there. I have only played three of Legend of Zelda games; Ocarina of Time, Twilight Princess, and Wind Waker. My best guess would be something more in the vein of Twilight Princess. 
 A Zelda game with time travel, Twilight Realm and masks mixed with pretty graphics and I'm sold. That would, in my opinion, be the perfect thing... But it would be impossible to mix all that into one game, haha. We'll just see what it brings. I'd like a style similar to the demo they showed way back, so that would be the Twilight Princess style. 
 
