http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144467-Nintendo-s-Big-Problem
 Nintendo's Big Problem
 I found this while looking around at the news. What is your opinion of this blog? http://money.cnn.com/2013/05/07/tech...lem/index.html The company sold only 3.45 million of the Wii U video game consoles during the first quarter, badly missing its own target of 4 million. The hand-held 3DS gaming device has also been a disappointment outside of Japan. Making matters worse, Nintendo's solution to the problem is a head-scratcher: CEO Satoru Iwata last week announced his support for in-game transactions and subscription-based payment models. As secondary concepts these are fine, but if Nintendo thinks this is what gamers really want from a modern console, it has lost touch with reality. For decades now, it has been this type of thinking that has plagued Nintendo: The company is cognizant of the latest trends and shifts in gaming, but it chooses to disregard them in the name of simplicity, or family-friendly gaming. Instead, Nintendo frequently opts to develop its own warped, counterintuitive take on the latest trends. Since the launch of the Gamecube in 2001, Nintendo has shied away from online gaming and entertainment-based features that were popular on rival consoles, such as the Microsoft (MSFT, Fortune 500) Xbox or Sony (SNE) PlayStation. When it did finally offer some of these features, they were often half-baked (see: Nintendo's "Wi-Fi Connection" online gaming service). Others were largely unavailable to the masses (see the Panasonic Q, the Gamecube with the DVD player that only came out in Japan). Sometimes Nintendo's push to be different has paid off, most notably when it released the paradigm-shifting Wii console. But the negative effects of that tendency have never been so evident as now, with the sluggish sales of its latest console, the Wii U. With Microsoft and Sony turning the gaming console into full-blown living room computers, Nintendo is being dragged along, kicking and screaming, refusing to fully acknowledge times have changed. The Wii U was Nintendo's attempt to expand on its innovative gameplay ideas. But the impact hasn't been nearly the same as the Wii. Some new Wii U features, like the touchscreen-equipped controller feel convoluted, and less innovative compared to technologies like Microsoft's Kinect camera. Nintendo games that actually take proper advantage of the motion gaming tech aren't coming from third-party developers, and Nintendo's own titles -- which are excellent more often than not -- aren't coming anytime soon. Nintendo figurehead Shigeru Miyamoto has told the world to be patient for more games to come out, but this time around, simply pumping out its usual top notch games won't be enough. Yes, the Wii U has improved upon its online gaming service, and given its console more content and features which integrate with your TV. The company said last week it will focus more on what it can do with digital distribution of Wii U games. That's a good thing -- even if Nintendo is five years behind. But the company still is treating that as an added bonus, and not a pillar of its business strategy. And considering that Nintendo has long said that it cares more about game play than graphics, it seems strange that it hasn't put more time and effort into building out its WiiWare platform for indie developers looking to put out original titles. WiiWare started out promisingly enough in 2008, as the initial home to titles such as World of Goo and Mega Man 9, but since then it has mostly devolved into a den of cheap and generic mini-games. Since 2012, less than 25 titles have seen release through the platform. Then there's the elephant in the room that nobody wants to acknowledge: smartphone gaming. Nintendo is adamant that it won't release its games for smartphones, despite the fact that they'd likely be instant top sellers. It's understandable that Nintendo wouldn't want to release some of its newer games on a competing mobile platform, for fear of cannibalization, but looking at the success that companies like Square Enix have had reissuing its Final Fantasy titles on the iPhone, what real harm is there in offering games like Super Mario Brothers? Nobody is going to buy a Nintendo 3DS just to download that from the eStore. Since the days of the Nintendo 64, it's always been pretty easy to see when, where and why Nintendo was going to stumble as a company. And more often than not, it was because of their own stubborn thinking. The buildup of their past oversights has added up and left them lagging far behind their peers in present times. You have to wonder how many free-thinking aces Nintendo has left up its sleeve in order to save itself once again. It is very quite sad, however I feel I have to agree with it. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Nintendo is gonna die. Sadly enough. It had a good run, but its out of ideas. Well like, Ds lite was cool amd introduced DS excel and then 3DS and then it was fine when it ended with 3DS. And for Wii, people who already have it probably wont buy the WiiU because of the negative impact from the Wii due to its lack of interesting games (in my friends opinion). 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle Nintendo is gonna die. Sadly enough. It had a good run, but its out of ideas. Well like, Ds lite was cool amd introduced DS excel and then 3DS and then it was fine when it ended with 3DS. And for Wii, people who already have it probably wont buy the WiiU because of the negative impact from the Wii due to its lack of interesting games (in my friends opinion). 3DS selling like hell in japan and you think hey will die one day?? One company dieing in US doesn't mean they will vanish. 
myanimelist  Spoiler Originally Posted by Shadow Fox No one gets tired of One Piece...unless they are retarded gay or from some other outworldly planet in which there is a .001% chance they could contract some sorta mental disorder in which would allow them to BECOME bored of it. But that is so low it almost never happens. 
 I just skimmed through... Nintendo is poppy now IMO. I hate sensor. Therefore I hate Wii and handhelds aren't impressive but the Ds did its job well. 3ds is just ****ing retarded. Please tell me I read the article wrong because I think it said GameCube was ****... GameCube is the best ****ing console! Also did they say 64 was bad??? Definitely not! Nintendo is my favorite company but Wii is disappointment to me. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I think Nintendo has enough franchises running to keep going for a long time more, that article seems too negative overall. Take the 3DS, it's game line-up hasn't been great in the beginning no but the near future is seeing some big releases in their most popular franchises. A new Zelda game and the 2 new Pokemon games. Games that are pretty popular outside of Japan as well, popular enough to sway people to buy a 3DS just for those games. As for the WiiU I am not sure as I haven't been following that. But E3 is right around the corner and some good announcements there could very well turn the tides in their favour again. 
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.' " - Isaac Asimov 
 Unfortunately, Nintendo does seem to be slow when it comes to game trends but regardless, I am a nintendo fan even during the bad times. THough they seem to be laking over here, I am sure they will make a come back somehow down the line, and regain its popularity, even if its a small amount in comparison. 
  Spoiler 
 Yeah. And I just checked what the 3DS has coming. Seems like we can expect a new Shin Megami Tensei, the next part of the Ace Attorney series and a new Etrian Odyssey as well. That next to the new Zelda and Pokemon games are already gonna mean that the 3DS is a must have for any fan of Adventure or RPG games. 
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.' " - Isaac Asimov 
 I don't know what the future of Nintendo is going to be, and really don't like speculating about it because I would rather just wait for it to happen. However, there is one thing I know. Nintendo will not die. The only thing I could ever see happening is Nintendo pulling out of western countries and releasing their products exclusively to Japan. Nintendo is way to popular in Japan for them to just stop making games and consoles. I see Play Station or Xbox dying before Nintendo does. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 This won't kill Nintendo but it is hurting them. Their problem was timing. They wanted to release the Wii U a year before the new Xbox and PS4 systems. Problem was, they once again didn't have a library to support the system. It will be roughtly another year before those games come out. In the meantime, they're losing money hand over fist. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 The 3DS is actually a very good handheld. I was surprised by how much I am using it. The 3DS has a pretty good lineup so far. If you dont like it, you probably havent tried it yet. 
Indeed. www.youtube.com/reasonableram
 Like Bitwise said, the 3DS isn't a big deal now cause the popular Nintendo franchises haven't released good games yet. Admit it people, most people get the Nintendo hand-helds mainly for Pokemon, and occasionally Zelda & Mario. Until Pokemon X & Y comes out, the 3DS isn't going to be a hot item. To me, Nintendo is a great system and has an innocent, family-friendly vibe to it. But it's features are behind, and since they seem to be a 'family' system, their game selections are lacking cause more adults and late teens are gamers than they were in the 80s. I don't really like the 3DS sound feature. Although you can change the sound and play with the songs. It is hard to figure out how to use some features and you can only hold a limited amount of songs. The 3DS camera is even bigger of a joke. Where is the Facebook feature that the DSi had? Most of my pictures came from the DSi and I sent them to Facebook and even on here. The 3DS feature isn't THAT impressive, and isn't really enough to make someone really want to get it. I think Nintendo is alive, but is suggesting to turn to life support and Pokemon, Zelda, some Mario games, and a few other franchises and games is what's keeping Nintendo vitality. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle Nintendo is gonna die. Sadly enough. It had a good run, but its out of ideas. Well like, Ds lite was cool amd introduced DS excel and then 3DS and then it was fine when it ended with 3DS. And for Wii, people who already have it probably wont buy the WiiU because of the negative impact from the Wii due to its lack of interesting games (in my friends opinion). I sh*t you not, I just got back to my hotel from Akihabara 30 minutes ago, and I can tell you based on what I've seen with my own two eyes that Nintendo will not be "dying" anytime soon. Pokemon alone scoffs at the notion. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 I'm not sure how much longer Nintendo will be able to monopolize the handheld market with the advancements being made in smart phones. I could pretty easily see them closing the doors on the console market within the next generation and going to way of Sega as a developer. Their business strategies have just really stunk lately and they're always behind their competitors in terms of hardware and capabilities. Look at the N64 compared to the PS1 or Saturn; cartridges when their competitors smartly adopted compact discs. The next generation lead to DVD formats becoming standard with the Xbox and PS2, while the Gamecube missed the mark with their proprietary minidiscs. They failed to court any of the studios putting out more "mature" titles like your FPS and horror franchises. The Wii did a bit better thanks to the pricepoint, but honestly consumers seem to have caught on to what a gimmick the WiiU is and I just can't see it doing well long term. They've always been an inhouse company first and have never really done a good job of bringing in third party developers since the days of the SNES, when they were still on top thanks to it's predecessor having no real competition. 

 nintendo is not going tomake it much longer acept for portables no body cares about them any more probobly because everyone else is moving forward and nintendo isnt. nintendo doesnt even have a cd player in they're system yet. i love nintendo but if they keep on doing what they're doing the're not making it much further. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 I think the people who are claiming Nintendo will not make it is underestimating their fan base. 
  Spoiler 
 I honestly hope all consoles die so we can just have all games on PC. 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
 Originally Posted by Randoms I think the people who are claiming Nintendo will not make it is underestimating their fan base. I get that there's people who will buy anything with a Nintendo label on it regardless of quality, but at some point those people stop being a large enough force that it's worth Nintendo's efforts. Pretty sure that occurred already with the Wii given their entire marketing strategy there. 

 If Nintendo goes out of business, I will most likely kill myself. I do not want to live in that world. 
 I can't see them going out of business, but given their philosophy towards the console market, I think they'd be better off switching to a purely game developer role. At least outside of the handheld market, which they still have a strong grip on. On the DS platform, they have a hell of a lot of quality third party support. I mean I get the brand loyalty argument people are making when it comes to Nintendo fans, but at the end of the day people buy a console to play games. If the console isn't getting games then there's a problem somewhere in the console developers plan or business. 

 actually the gamecube had online access for star phantasy online and mario card used it for link gaming but thats it. 
 I tend to agree with the article, I haven't had a handheld game since pokemon crystal. I like nintendo but what games does the Wii-u offer that prompts you to buy it. The popular games for the console like SSB has yet to be released, it's like buy it and play what? You want us to just wait? I like Nintendo games but for heavens sake release something people can play. This waiting tactic is the reason games like Watch Dogs are struggling to decide whether it is worth while to make adaptions for the Wii-U console. 
 Im just worried about monster hunter but for the most part there is only so much pokemon and mario you can play before you have played them all in my opinion they are tired franchises 
 http://www.zeldauniverse.net/zelda-n...at-disneyland/ Wind Waker in HD on the Wii U. *squeal* 
 Nintendo is a company that simply won't go away. They have a huge stockpile of cash from their incredible profits of previous consoles. I just read an article of the 3DS being up 52% from this point last year. All of the titles that have come out for it over the month of May and the titles slated to come out later even have myself pondering whether or not I should buy one. Basically, that little piece of hardware is killing it. Admittedly, it came out very slow because why would anyone trade in a DS for a 3DS when there simply wasn't any interesting games? Well, that has changed a lot over the past month. The Wii U is struggling. It's all about the games and the fact that the best game available to it right now is Super Metroid (My opinion) on the virtual console. Besides that, it only really has Monster Hunter which is pretty much a port an HD version of the Wii game. Nintendo will only be in trouble if the numbers for the Wii continue like they are for 3 to 5 years. Sony basically had a far worse launch with their PS3...or was it the PS2....I can't remember. But I do remember they lost a TON of money on the hardware and didn't get in the green until a few years ago. They weathered the storm and are now sitting pretty. Nintendo hasn't reached the financial problems that Sony went through. At this point, it is simply too early to tell. 
''Let's eat Grandma!'' or, ''Let's eat, Grandma!'' Punctuation saves lives. Use it. Save a life.
 Ironically, many of the gaming analysts out there simply miscalculate or simply don't want to state that Nintendo will be okay regardless of how things go. Unless Nintendo has a flop the size of the Virtual Boy, Nintendo will always make money and they will be okay. Just remember this much, the Nintendo DS launched as an abysmal failure. Then it ended up being one of the best portable devices in history and it continues to dominate the portable market. While smartphones are getting powerful and even myself have picked up a Windows Phone 8, Samsung Galaxy Tab and an iPad Mini, I will continue to run to my Nintendo DS/3DS for a fuller experience and the biggest reason for this is having a non-touch screen control system is simply too important. It's hard to get a game like Zelda on the phone without a decent controller and it destroys the experience when the multi touch controls fail to register your input (which it will, frequently). What Nintendo could do to improve the entire situation is simply release games of extreme quality. Budget those games reasonably and release games frequently will put them back on the map. The only thing that will really hurt Nintendo is the 3rd Party Support. Unless developers are willing to spend money for previous gen titles on a Nintendo console, they will forever create hardware to channel their own software. I can't foresee a day where I'll play The Legend of Zelda on a Microsoft or Sony console and it'll be a bit awkward when I do. In fact, I still get that feeling when I play a Sonic game on anything but a Sega system. But that's only because I'm old and have memories of a simpler time. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
