http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159153-Are-you-into-gaming/page2
[Game] Are you into gaming? - Page 2
 Right now I'm trying to 100% FarCry4. The story was decent and the characters were all lovable. The only real complaint I have is how difficult the terrain is to navigate. It's because of this that you are forced to use the fast travel option so much. I guess you could say it's Fast Travel Simulator 2014? 

 Kinda embarrassing but I play Oldschool Runescape as my main game and sometimes I play Dota2 ^^ 

 Kind of. I play Sleeping Dogs almost daily for some unknown reason. Its just that fun for me. I also read a lot of visual novels, if they classify as games. Not really. I used to be what one could call a 'gamer', then a couple of weeks ago anime happened, and I don't play too much any more. 
 I'm late to the party, and didn't read the other posts yet x.x and I'm more of a casual gamer buttttt my top 3 are: 1. Skyrim (PC) 2. Ghost Recon - Phantoms (PC) 3. Assassins Creed IV (also PC) Though I depending on what I get in a couple of days, I may be switching at least Assassin's Creed out >.> 

 1. SW KOTOR II (PC) 2. WKC 2 (PS3) 3. Hitman series (PS3) 
http://ml4y.deviantart.com
 I rarely play alone, so I'm mostly following my friends. We're playing a lot of League of Legends. When we get bored, we usually go Garry's Mod to play Prop Hunt. Before that, I've played a lot of Ragnarok Online (and Maple Story many many years ago when the game was actually good). 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 Got a ps3 for Christmas and I've been playing arkam city nonstop. It's soo much fun 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Got a ps3 for Christmas and I've been playing arkam city nonstop. It's soo much fun You like jrpgs??? You have to check out the tales of games. They are a blast. I'm halfway through tales of xillia right now. Also assassins creed black flag is a great action game. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I love gaming. 1) Wizard101- I've been playing it for a year 2) Sm4sh- Game's god-like 3) Pokemon- In every form but the TCG. It's simply too confusing. Anyone up for Showdown? 
 Originally Posted by Arom Warlord I was just wondering if we had some gamers over here? If yes, List the top three games that you currently are playing.. It can be on any platform 1. World of Warcraft (Mac) 2. League of Legends (Mac) 3. Don't have any xD Lol Mac is a pretty odd place for gaming I do say. 1. League of Legends(PC) 2.Hearthstone(PC) 3.Civilization 5(PC) 4.OSU(pc) 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 I am always a sucker for Pokemon games. I go to the extreme like breeding non-stop and building my ultimate team. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/kiieatspocky
 Big Time Gamer. 1.) League of Legends 2.) Castlevania Curse of Darkness (PS2) 3.) Champions Return to Arms (PS2) 4.) Front Mission (DS) 5.) Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey (DS) 6.) Final Fantasy Mystic Quest (Droid) 7.) Tales of Vesperia (Xbox) 8.) Kingdoms of Amalur (Xbox) Yeah I multiplay like a boss. ^_^ 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 My top three games that I'm playing are: 1. Kingdom Hearts 2.5 HD ReMIX ~ KHII (PS3) 2. .hack//G.U. Rebirth (PS2) 3. Assassin's Creed Unity (PS4) I'm also playing Harvest Moon The Lost Valley and Fantasy Life on the side. ^^'' 
 Haha, not really. I'm not a big gamer. But I still have some games I'm (kinda) playing, just not at the moment... 1. Borderlands (Windows) 2. Tales from the Borderlands (Windows) 3. Telltale Games' Game of Thrones (Windows) 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 No game No life . lol XD here are my list (currently playing) - Tales of Xillia 2 - Dante's Inferno (not for children) - COD: MW3 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 The club I belong to just bought a few more and picked up one more myself. Boss Monster expansion - If you're a video gamer and you haven't seen Boss Monster then you should look for it. The box looks like an original NES game for the original Boss Monster game. The box for the expansion looks like an original Game Boy game box. Even the inside of the box has the little compartment holding the cards, just like the original Game Boy games did. It's a great game, though. You're a boss and you're objective is to kill heros as they try to get through your dungeon. Coup - If you like games where you get to go out of your way to make life miserable for the other players, then this ones for you. Firefly board game - Not for the faint of heart, give yourself 3 - 6 hours to play this one. Caverna - Created solely to put an end to the massively manipulated card system in Agricola, this is, for all intents and purposes, the same game. It uses the same turn system as Agricola. You have to farm crops, animals, and also excavate the caves to make spaces to build rooms. The rooms replace the cards from Agricola. Other than that, however, the victory point system works almost exactly the same. Alas, it will still take you 3 -5 hours to play this one. Slash - I consider this one of the highlights of 2014. It's like Apples to Apples in that it's a card game and that each card has the name of a fictional character or real person on it. The original intent of the game was to put people together based on ideal partners/mates, but you can apply any situation you want. As such, this game can be as kid friendly or non-kid friendly as the players like. What makes the game great, however, is that this time the controller isn't the one coming up with the reasons why they picked a particular card to win. EX: Marge Simpson needs a babysitter. Anyone reading this knows that this is very tall order to fill. You'd be holding 10 cards, each with a name on it. You pick the best one suited for the job. In order, starting with the player to the left of the controller, each player has 30 - 45 seconds to tell a story/make a pitch as to shy the controller should pick their card. Lots of interesting ideas, lots of laughs, and lots of fun. I highly recommend this one to anyone. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Currenly I mainly play League of Legends. Prefer it because of the skill involvement rather than p2p or how long have you played advantage. Ign: Cryst4 on euw if someone want's to add. Will soon transfer it to Ocenia though(going to aus at the end of jan) 
 Playing Diablo 3 Reaper of Souls, Pokemon Alpha Sapphire and Shadow of Mordor at the moment. Majora's Mask comes out in a few months for 3DS, no doubt will be playing that when it does. 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 I am into gaming, but I get addicted to MMO type games, so I am not playing any right now haha. I have tried out a few with some friends just for the hell of it, but didn't go and create my own account. I tend to be really good at strategy games, so it can then take up way too much of my time that I could be using to do better things lol. I do have a PS3 though, but haven't played it in quite some time due to being busy with life. At the moment, I play online board games that I don't have to log into everyday and that suits me just fine. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I've just played a lot of Hearthstone as of late. It's fun and I can be super casual in it. 
