http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159947-quot-Romance-Anime-quot/page3
[Anime] "Romance Anime" - Page 3
 lets get on topic. SO, no one though much of the Fruits Basket post... Sailor Moon definitely fits. Fate Stay night maybe. I haven't seen more than that, I am a girls with guns kinda dude. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 I would throw in Engaged to the Unidentified and My Little Monster as well. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Woah! What's really weird is that I'd been saying that, like, all day today. Such coincidence. Shutout to the guy that says Angel beats isn't a romance when it ends with two people in love dying together. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo Shutout to the guy that says Angel beats isn't a romance when it ends with two people in love dying together. Technically they're already dead. I mean they are in purgatory after all 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo Shutout to the guy that says Angel beats isn't a romance when it ends with two people in love dying together. I said it wasn't a pure romance anime where the loves story was the center of the plot, as the thread's subject matter was mostly requesting. It's not a Romance anime. I thought you said you were done with the discussion, harking back to it doesn't count as leaving. So kindly keep your word and stop sucking me. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Originally Posted by Calbob lets get on topic. I haven't seen more than that, I am a girls with guns kinda dude. It's a little off topic, but you might like Claymore. Girls with Swords rather than guns though. It's a really good series, I thoroughly enjoyed it to the point that I actually read the manga. Seeing as how it's the first time that I have ever read a manga and there being 27 volumes I'd say it was great. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Originally Posted by Karnage It's a little off topic, but you might like Claymore. Girls with Swords rather than guns though. It's a really good series, I thoroughly enjoyed it to the point that I actually read the manga. Seeing as how it's the first time that I have ever read a manga and there being 27 volumes I'd say it was great. Or you could comprise and watch black lagoon. Let me explain. In black lagoon there is a character named revy who wields a pair of what are known as cutlas pistols and a cutlas is a type of sword 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 It was hard to call Revy and Rocks relationship a romance but there was certainly love there at the end; it was really noticeable in the last two episodes. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 You might try "Cross Game". It is primarily a sports anime about baseball but has an underlying romance theme. Edit: Let me add DN Angel. This is an older anime but definitely a romance. 
 Last edited by Finfan; Yesterday at 11:16 AM. 

 I remember DN Angel and Cross Game! They're good. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
