http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158572-I-want-to-ask-a-question-for-those-who-love-exercise
 I want to ask a question for those who love exercise.
 Can you sweat without getting tired? I did this stomach exercise on the bed. Basically I was raising my legs one at a time over and over again. Now I do a circle with them while raising both at the same time towards my stomach while keeping them in a kneeing position, and letting them crash onto the bed over and over again. I sweated while getting tired, but when I get up from the bed and stand up, it takes only a few seconds for my slight fatigue to disappear. I was putting my hands behind my head on a pillow, positioning it in a way that it interferes with my pain receptors for physical exercise stress. I started doing this exercise during the ending of the 2013 Winter Olympics. First time I did this exercise, it was quite unusual, if not, really awesome. I had fat while after having taken some medicine. A centimeter of fat permanently disappeared after just one day. And the days I did the same pattern of exercise after that, I had already gotten used to it. It got really boring. But it was in fact just an easy exercise. It was thanks to a certain area of my head being active to dispel the fatigue after attuning myself to the exercise. However, whenever I got up the first time, I would feel a fatigue shock two separate times in a row after doing the exercise during two times. It took me only like 10-20 seconds to recover from it. It should have kept me down, but I just kept doing the exercise again. During that first time, the longest I did that exercise (while being physically fairly weak back then) was 40 minutes about. It felt like a heat pad was on my stomach when I kept moving my stomach over and over again. It was a pleasant feeling, really. But this exercise only exercises the inner abs for me. It doesn't do the outer abs, where most of the fat would be, but I lost a good amount even though I really didn't weigh that much. I only weighed like 140 at that time, so I don't think this fat is that significant to my weight amount. It was medicine fat, really. From this exercise, I discovered a use for our heads' temples. You know, to the sides of our head. You know how our temples hurt after a seriously exhausting workout, right? The temples were there to actually ease your physical stress. Using the temples, I was able to send electric signals to them to dispel my physical exhaustion until I let go of it. That's when I felt my exercise shock. And then felt it again. Although of course, the secret behind it: I discovered it from the video game visual novel called Muv-Luv. Shirogane Takeru inspired me to become stronger, and try really dumb things. I've hurt myself a few times trying to do abnormal things. Now my head feels fuller than it did 4 years ago. My brain is more active now, and it feels kind of good and kind of bad. I was using parts of my brain to enhance my mental strength, and now I've discovered an experimental way to enhance my vision through the power of breathing in oxygen. A new way to send feeling into my eyes to make them work harder to have sharper vision. I am really not sure what all this would do to my body and my age in the future, how old will I age and so on and so forth. Good news is that I'm going to community college and having a good time. Though I'm still kind of scared of people. Besides that, I've been checking the New in Japan section for recommended anime. Heck, even Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei inspired me to read 60 pages of Chemistry! XD And I did learn about Teflons and stuff like that. It was certainly interesting. By the way, anybody ever heard of "Forrest Gump"? It was an excellently fun movie. It really inspired me to get off my butt and go to college. Now I try to watch movies like it. Best of all, it's a 1994 movie, the year I was born in. They put in a lot of work into it. Trust me, it's really worth it. It even gets used to be the subject of thinking in school work sometimes and stuff. It's easily a 9/10 movie. It has that really meaningful charm to it. You even get Forrest Gump and Bubba talking about shrimp for a whole day during army camp! XD And anyway, I'll just be a stalker around these forums for now. What I'm trying to say is that the brain has a huge role in the quality of your exercise, more than you know. Anybody want me to tell you guys where I got this idea and skill from? Edit: Correction. I mean, when getting tired without sweating, getting tired as in muscle tired. I get hungry tired after doing my exercise. 
 Last edited by MagicalKnight Masa; 10-03-2014 at 04:06 PM. 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
