http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141674-Do-You-Still-Watch-TV/page2
 Do You Still Watch TV? - Page 2
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX They would need to read it first Buddy we know that people here can't read I watch TV via Hulu, Crunchyroll, Amazon Prime, and Netflix(Streaming and by Mail) I actually watch them on my TV though I have cable service it is not hooked up and I do not use it. I think we've had a recent mass joining of very young people who read nothing in threads before posting their own ideas. The quality of posts has gone down pretty significantly but it should climb back up once they figure things out. 
 From reading all above I guess I still watch the TV . sometimes soccer. I started to hate soccer recently. I watch channels like discovery,national geographic, extreme sport, animal planet. I watch news sometimes. about TV shows I watch in on computer. There is no way I would watch 1 ep of some show every day. 
 Not Really no, the only times I watch TV is either in the morning for about an hour(Tom & Jerry) before I Head to work, or at night when I'm getting ready to go to sleep(Watching either King of the Hill or Family Guy), everything else I like watching online. Only time I watch TV for a long period of time is when a marathon of my fav show is going on(exp: pawn stars). 
 I actually do watch TV on an actual TV through cable service still. I watch a lot of hockey so whenever the Bruins play I have the game on. I occasionally will watch Game of Thrones on HBO because I have HBO for free due to a promotion with Comcast. I also watch tv shows via streaming websites and Netflix from time to time. 
 
 No i have quit watching TV and i have devoted all my time to school and my computer, who needs a TV these days anyway? 
 Currently am at the moment but only because I watched all my subs for YouTube. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 I don't have time for much TV any more, but when I do I usually watch my shows on the laptop, British TV is so boring. 
  Spoiler 
 There aren't many reasons (called shows) that will have me going back to cable, Breaking Bad concludes this summer Dexter will see the cutting room floor soon Mad Men will see the end of it's decade shortly after Justified is about all I have left but I've watched seasons 1-3 on blu ray and that's my preferred method. who needs a TV these days anyway? Take that! 
 I watch basketball games, but otherwise no. 
 I don't watch TV anymore, mostly because I do everything on my PC. 
  Spoiler 
 Most TV shows suck, every show has to do with law enforcement or investigation, it's annoying. When I rarely do watch TV typically I watch sports, animal planet, national geographic or some food show like man vs. food. There are a couple of good shows left though. I just finished a season of Vikings a very good show on the history channel. I watch Psych a very loose and funny comedy on USA. Arrow on the CW is a show about the Green Arrow that is pretty good. and if you haven't seen The Walking Dead on AMC you are missing out on a very good show. The shows are few but I guess there is something worthwhile to watch. 

 I still watch TV but only for a few shows such as: Criminal Minds, Sons of Guns, Adventure Time and Adult Swim 

 These days, very rarely. A movie or two, sometimes. 
"They drew first blood, not me." - John Rambo
 Sparingly, usually at my parent's house. Otherwise, I just watch Netflix or stream online. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 DVR has done wonders for my tv habit. I'll just record my favorite shows and watch them during my free time. There's no way I'm giving up tv, though. Still so many good shows on. Dexter, Games of Thrones, Breaking Bad, Vikings, Hannibal, Bates Motel, etc. 
Toonami Faithful since '97 ​ 
 As someone who has a DVR and can only get online three days a week, yeah, I need to rely on the TV. 
 I watch Tv when I have time to. I usually just watch CNN or The Office. Yet in rare occasions Ill rewatch the Kirby Show 
