http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153423-Haha-I-think-I-just-made-a-stupid-purchase-bought-some-Japanese-Blu-Rays
[Anime] Haha, I think I just made a stupid purchase, bought some Japanese Blu Rays ...
 So I got all of the Free! blu rays off Amazon.com/jp and it never crossed my mind that they might not have english subtitles, I guess I just assumed they would since living in the US I am so used to having english subtitles available on everything and I have imported other dvds that have always had them. After trying to search online, I have not found anything that indicates that they do have them on there. That is pretty disappointing. I guess the only saving grace is that it comes with a bunch of extras and such. If there is no english subtitle option I might look into returning them, since I would not be able to understand anything. Those things are expensive too. I am curious now, do most Japanese release only come with Japanese audio/subtitles? Are english subtitles rare? lol, what a stupid mistake! 
Best Anime = Neon Genesis Evangelion
 Yes, your judgement was faulty. You have my sympathy. *pats DillMan* 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Japan respect their language so much. Most of the Blu rays or DVDs from japan are In pure japanese, with no subtitles in english whatsoever. Better luck next time, or maybe it's time for you to start learning Japanese so those blu rays won't go to waste 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 the golden rule of buying **** online always do a little research on it to see if it has what you wanted as well as if you can use it and it is a legit thing from a proper company or store. im not sure how amazon works but I think you will have a hard time trying to send it back and get a refund. most anime I have bought from over seas has come with subs but I don't buy blue ray so im not sure how they do subtitles and what not. 
 {individual 3} - join individual 11 - join the revolution! 
 Yea sadly the Japanese are way behind the Chinese, and probally even the Koreans when it comes to subtitleing their anime, movies, ect. Inshort if the anime wasn't officially released/subtitled in Chinese atleast as well as Japan(since there is a huge English population in China, if they are gonna market it to china, they might as well sub it in English as well), odds are overwhelming that the publisher was a lazy *******, and decided to release it without English subtitles(sigh Japan's entire international relations is basically with English speaking people. Hell 80% of the fish the Japanese eat these days, were cought by American fishers lol, there's no legit reason why they shouldn't subtitle everything). Lol and the Japanese wonder why the fan sub industry in general, is almost as big these days as the anime, and video game industries them selves. For a capitalist society(and as idealistic as a capitalist society could ever get too), they sure find it easy to ignore a huge amount of potential profits, for such little work required(and legit profits at that, no scumbag tactics, no turning your employees into slave labor ect required). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 12-06-2013 at 11:11 PM. 
 My sympathies toward your situation. I've actually thought about doing the same thing a couple of times and the thought never crossed my mind either. If you're looking for a positive to take out of it I suppose you may have just saved another from making the same mistake. 
 I'm curious, what region (NTSC) are the discs released for? I find it hard to believe that one marked A or ALL wouldn't have English subs. But then again, anything can happen. 

 darn, received the blu rays today in the mail. They are region 1, but blu rays are region free and play on all PS3s. Anyway, I opened vol 1 and loaded it up, and the only subtitle option was to turn Japanese on/off. Sad. The actual packaging looks very nice, among the best in my collection. I am torn on keeping it, because it is really expensive for something I would not be able to watch (or at least understand if I watched). I am surprised how much english is on the package and in the menus, and yet they don't throw in english subtitles. Weird. Amazon has pretty easy returns, so I am guessing I will just return the unopened ones. It's a shame, but does not make much sense to keep them. 
 Last edited by DillMan926; 12-08-2013 at 01:38 AM. 
Best Anime = Neon Genesis Evangelion
