http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142033-Need-Some-Help-Choosing
[Anime] Need Some Help Choosing
 I'm trying to wrap up this anime I'm currently watching and I wanted to watch a new series so I chose to go with either Fate/Stay Night or Fate Zero. I know there both similar to each other but I wasn't sure what sequence I should watch it in so anyone that has seen this could you tell me which one would be better to watch first. Once the question is answered feel free to close the thread. 
 Haven't watched it, but since Fate/stay night came first I would go with that, and later Fate zero. 
 I have seen Fate/Stay night twice and currently watching Zero on episode 16. Actually the story Fate/Zero is situated before Night , what happened in the last war but i would recommend you to watch Fate/Night first cause u will learn stuff which isnt showed in Zero , ah is so complicated. How to put it into words , Fate/stay night has some different servants who arent in Zero and opposite. 
 
 Fate/Stay Night came out first, but Zero is a prequel to it. I'd advise watching Zero first, since it is meant to be a prequel.. even if it came out later, and then watch Stay Night. 
"Our flesh, our blood, our bones, and our souls shall come together in harmony! Brave soldiers who reign death upon the tower of dreams, come forth! The enemies' corpses shall pile to the gates of heaven, itself!" 
 Originally Posted by Kei5494 Fate/Stay Night came out first, but Zero is a prequel to it. I'd advise watching Zero first, since it is meant to be a prequel.. even if it came out later, and then watch Stay Night. I agree with this, but I want to add that reviews on the anime say that Zero is much better than stay night. As such You might be disappointed when you watch stay night after zero. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Kei5494 Fate/Stay Night came out first, but Zero is a prequel to it. I'd advise watching Zero first, since it is meant to be a prequel.. even if it came out later, and then watch Stay Night. +1 Damn right. 
 Originally Posted by Randoms I agree with this, but I want to add that reviews on the anime say that Zero is much better than stay night. As such You might be disappointed when you watch stay night after zero. That's my personal opinion as well. It is also my favorite part of the Fate games, but that's just an opinion. If you just want a better overall understanding of the story, it's better to watch Zero first. I honestly thought Fate/ Stay Night left a few unanswered questions, which I think should have been explained in the first few episodes.. so, it's nice to have a prequel to it. Zero goes into more detail for the different sides of the Holy Grail wars, the characters backstories, and the different factions within the church.. which controls/runs the Holy Grail wars. Originally Posted by Chunibyou +1 Damn right. Glad that you agree. :3 
"Our flesh, our blood, our bones, and our souls shall come together in harmony! Brave soldiers who reign death upon the tower of dreams, come forth! The enemies' corpses shall pile to the gates of heaven, itself!" 
 Fate/Zero is portrayed under the assumption that you have watched Fate/Stay Night. You might end up confused if you watch Zero first. Plus like a few other people said, Fate/Zero is far superior to Fate/Stay Night, you might be disappointed if you watch Zero first. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 I'll say Fate/Stay Night. ^^ 
 If you ever fall in love with another girl.. I wouldn't be able to live on! 
 I think its reasonable enough to say to just watch Fate Stay Night - its enough by itself. 
 
 Oh what? Damn... I have seen Fate Stay Nite (My teacher recommended it to me, BFFL ) But Fate Zero I havn't seen... if its a prequel should I even bother watching it now? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I have not seen either, but what I hear about it. Yes. you should 
  Spoiler 
 The only reason why I'm gonna give it a try is cause it was recommended to me by a lot of people and they all said it was a great series although they haven't mention anything about fate zero but I'm hoping that's just as good. 
