http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159734-Things-you-love-doing-with-anime
[Anime] Things you love doing with anime.
 I don't know about you, but there are things I just absolutely love doing with anime. If you don't understand what I'm saying here are some examples I love doing. I will sing anime openings, but I don't know the words. It doesn't matter though because no one knows Japanese so I can just keep on singing all I want. Watching a good comedy or maybe a romance on a day off is absolutely amazing. Just sitting in bed watching a funny anime always makes me feel good. I enjoy drawing my favorite characters even though I don't draw normally or take art. However, drawing anime is something that teaches me art and it's so much fun to draw someone like Luffy or Naruto who has a lot of funny emotions. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I just watch it, I never thought of doing much else with it. 
 Created by norwegianmoose
 I was expecting something weird when I came in here.. I really just watch anime, nothing else. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 I really thought people would understand where I was coming from haha. I guess I'm just weird. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I like to take myself or other characters I've made and place them inside the world/story. Imagine what would it be like if the main character was me or one of my own characters. Or how if my characters were in the anime, how they would interact with the main character and the flow of the story. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 I'll probably obsess over a character I like, especially their personality which usually ends up being toxic to my social life Ehem, Shiina Mashiro being an example of that. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Thanks taikutsu and 4xdblack for saying something and making me not look crazy haha. For those of you who still don't understand what i'm asking I will give you some more examples: Listening to anime openings or soundtracks in your free time Listening to an anime podcast such as PodTaku Going to anime conventions drawing anime Visiting Japan because of Anime Imagine the characters in real-life scenarios (4xdblack mentioned this and i do it myself tehe) Writing a story because of an anime influence Reviewing anime etc. I hope you all understand now what I was asking in the first place. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I'm definitely in the review anime camp. I also do podcasts with some of my friends. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz I'm definitely in the review anime camp. I also do podcasts with some of my friends. Do you enjoy doing a podcast? I want to start one, but I don't even know where to begin. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo Do you enjoy doing a podcast? I want to start one, but I don't even know where to begin. Well I do podcasts with my club at school. Being that our club covers comics, video games, anime, and things like that our podcast topics jump around. I do enjoy it quite a bit though. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz Well I do podcasts with my club at school. Being that our club covers comics, video games, anime, and things like that our podcast topics jump around. I do enjoy it quite a bit though. That sounds pretty cool. I'm thinking of starting one, but I don't know anyone personally who does podcast stuff. Thanks for replying 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I just watch it and post here about it. But I have bought a few theme songs lately. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Umm I just watch anime really, I do watch anime openings and collection videos on Youtube. I do have a Youtube myself, where I post Anime openings and collection videos. I also have an Instagram too. Both called NerdzNation I am giving away a copy of The Wind Rises on Blu Ray and DVD right now. I am also planning on doing monthly Anime or Manga giveaways I did go to Comic con last year, but not been to a Anime convention. I love London, but it's a bit far to go just for the day for a convention plus getting a weekend off work is impossible as I am a chef and weekends are busy. I guess if there was an Anime convention where I live, I would go but I wouldn't cosplay or anything. 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 I listen to soundtracks and sing the songs (but only the english ones) 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I draw my favorite characters 

 I love imagining a "what if" scenario of things that could not or could happen. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/kiieatspocky
 Would draw if I could draw. Other than that I guess you could count that if character does really stupid decision/reaction/says something I don't agree with. I then imagine what if character would have made choice I wanted him/her to do and what would have that lead into. 
 I once thought about dressing up as Shonen Bat and sneak up on drunkards at night but then I realised singing stupid songs in my bathroom was a better idea. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by ATL Would draw if I could draw. Other than that I guess you could count that if character does really stupid decision/reaction/says something I don't agree with. I then imagine what if character would have made choice I wanted him/her to do and what would have that lead into. You should try and not give up. I was really bad at drawing and I did it nonstop for like a month and I got decently good and started to really enjoy art. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Well in my case, it's not even that I like to draw really. I mean it's more like when I see amazing picture "Would be so cool to be able create something like that", but I have no motivation to do what I would need to do to get that kind of ability. It's just one of those skills I would love to have if I wouldn't have to do anything to get it. However there are some other things I'm not so good at that I am willing to use my time and effort to improve, but unfortunately drawing isn't one of them. Closest thing to drawing that I actually am trying to improve is probably filming. I have been editing videos for few years now, but just recently tought I should probably learn to film as well. Regadless thanks for your kind words. I'll appreciate them and while I may not have time, energy and motivation to become good drawer myself maybe I can enjoy fruits of your work in art section. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/lATLl&show=0&order=4
 I also love to sing anime op though I don't know the words. If there is something like ' Moon power make up!' I shout it just like the character in the anime. I also draw my favorite characters... I like to imagine myself killing off characters I hate. I like to imagine my favorite pairing ending up together. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 I also love to sing anime op though I don't know the words. If there is something like ' Moon power make up!' I shout it just like the character in the anime. I also draw my favorite characters... I like to imagine myself killing off characters I hate. I like to imagine my favorite pairing ending up together. You must not be a big fan of Hinata or Sakura haha. I always shout "Believe it!" when Naruto says it in the English dub. It's so cheesy but it's so much fun to say. If you watch One Piece I sometimes yell "Gomu Gomu no" whenever Luffy is about to do something. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by ATL Well in my case, it's not even that I like to draw really. I mean it's more like when I see amazing picture "Would be so cool to be able create something like that", but I have no motivation to do what I would need to do to get that kind of ability. It's just one of those skills I would love to have if I wouldn't have to do anything to get it. However there are some other things I'm not so good at that I am willing to use my time and effort to improve, but unfortunately drawing isn't one of them. Closest thing to drawing that I actually am trying to improve is probably filming. I have been editing videos for few years now, but just recently tought I should probably learn to film as well. Regadless thanks for your kind words. I'll appreciate them and while I may not have time, energy and motivation to become good drawer myself maybe I can enjoy fruits of your work in art section. I actually felt the same way about drawing for a while, but one day I was super motivated to draw anime (lol idk why). I started drawing and it didn't even look like anything special. However, I tried again and I started to get better. I just think anybody can be a good artist and you just need a little motivation. Best of luck towards your filming and editing! 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo You must not be a big fan of Hinata or Sakura haha. I always shout "Believe it!" when Naruto says it in the English dub. It's so cheesy but it's so much fun to say. If you watch One Piece I sometimes yell "Gomu Gomu no" whenever Luffy is about to do something. You are right. I HATE Hinata and Sakura. I always say Narutos line (which by the way Hinata stole) '' This is my nindo my ninja way'' 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I really like to watch it, and sometimes put myself in character's shoes to see what I would've/could've done in their situation... I usually end up realizing that I wouldn't survive three episodes in any anime I love to watch... ha! 
 "If you were to write a story with me in the lead role, it would certainly be... a tragedy"
