http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144282-So-what-is-your-favorite-video-game-series/page3
 So what is your favorite video game series? - Page 3
 Agree with you guys . love the game of "Tales of" series . and also i love the Final Fantasy Games (especially Crisis Core) . . . 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Monster Rancher series 
 I honestly don't have one, but I would have to say Final Fantasy, Kingdom Hearts, Soul Caliber, and Dynasty/Samurai Warriors. (And don't let me forget Super Smash Bros). 
xxavacredxx
 I love Super Smash series. I could play all day with friends, along with Mario Kart. As for single player, I liked some of the older Final Fantasy, Tales of Symphonia, Pokemon, and Zelda. 
 I'm just going to be blunt and say Way of The Samurai, Pretty much because the story was amazing through and through, with each game 
 Originally Posted by Volihaus I'm just going to be blunt and say Way of The Samurai, Pretty much because the story was amazing through and through, with each game +1 for WotS. Loved WotS1, WotS2, and generally liked WotS3. Back to the topic. There are many series I like: Resident Evil, The Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, Metal Gear, Mass Effect, The Elder Scrolls, and many more. But if I had to chose a favorite... it'd have to be Final Fantasy (FFX and before). 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Elder Scrolls, Fallout, Saints Row, and Halo are my favorites. Im an action game person. I like it when you have the ability to follow any path you want to in a game like If you would rather be a Tyrant than a Savior. Also the story has to be interesting for me to get into it. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Originally Posted by Volihaus I'm just going to be blunt and say Way of The Samurai, Pretty much because the story was amazing through and through, with each game I really didn't care for the story in Way of the Samurai 4. It's a really fun game don't get me wrong, but the story was... well. I didn't really notice a story, to be honest. I pretty much just ran around killing random ronin. OT: I love the Phantasy Star series, along with the Wizardry series. I played Phantasy Star Online for about 11 years total. I reached the maximum level multiple times and acquired most of the rarest, most powerful equipment. Including items from enemies that spawn once per login, and have drop rates of around 1/100,000. For Wizardry, I just love brutal games, and Wizardry is way up there. It really is a game where your first battle can screw you over in a massive way. An example would be during the introduction of Wizardry 8. My party of six encountered three large crab enemies. I had my mage cast an ice AoE spell, which backfired, wiping out four of my party. I love stuff like that. 
 Suikoden. I enjoy the Tales of series too. Breath of Fire was a good series that I wish they would resurrect. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 Originally Posted by Jigen Daisuke Suikoden. I enjoy the Tales of series too. Breath of Fire was a good series that I wish they would resurrect. Gawd Yes. All of them except that abombination "Dragon Quarter" were great games. BoF3 was my favorite out of all of them. That series seriously needs a comeback. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 GTA, Crash Bandicoot, Final Fantasy, and Gran Turismo. Most of these games I followed except Final Fantasy, I had an old Final Fantasy game for ps1 and was addicted to it. 
 Halo, Mass Effect, Metroid, Zelda, Final Fantasy, Ys, Pokemon, Bomberman, Sonic. With the exception of (possibly) bomberman, i have played every single game in all these series. My favorite points about the entire series': Halo - gameplay/story (exception halo wars, gameplay was a let down) all the games have been brilliant but i will never forget CE, there was nothing else quite like it, the gameplay was fresh, the enemies were intense and the maps were built perfectly. i think the first fps i ever played, and i am glad it was Mass Effect - soundtrack/story, also good expansiveness and character versatility Metroid - gameplay, i mean the original games were good, the transition to metroid prime on the gamecube was done excellently, all the games have been exellent Zelda - expansiveness, all the different items and upgrades you could get. link to the past was especially good in this area Final Fantasy - character&world design, game scripting, they just put so much work into these Ys - gameplay (exception Ys strategy) Pokemon - originality i guess? Bomberman - again, originality/multiplayer fun. i think my favorite was the GBA game Sonic - first sonic game was the first vid game i ever played, even now i enjoy playing the original (thanks to the new sonic games, this is the last time i will say sonic is one of my favorite series') 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Kingdom hearts hands down 
[IMG][/IMG]
 The Jak & Daxter series for ps2. Awesome trilogy. 
 My favorites are Final Fantasy, Devil May Cry, Harvest Moon, Metal Gear Solid, GTA. 
 I'd have to say I'd be Xenosaga still. I've always loved the series and even played all three games twice which is a pretty insane thing for me because, usually I can't even make it through a game once unless I'm really into it. A close second would have to be the Disgaea series there's something about quirky demons mixed with tactical rpg that I just love. Sadly I have not had a chance to play Disagea 4 or D2 yet but, in the future when they cost a lot less perhaps I will get the chance to play them. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Final Fantasy. GTA. Uncharted. Fear. 
​
 Fatal Frame. I've replayed the second and third part over and over. I've memorized almost all of the ghosts' names by now. I haven't played the fourth one though since it's only available on Nintendo Wii. 

