http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157659-Dark-Souls-2/page2
 Dark Souls 2 - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Struggler The movement and combat in Dark Souls was weighty, . That's basically what I mean. Just sprinting at something in DeS can feel really strange. 
 Going to play it for the first time later this week. After watching that playthrough from EpicNameBro, I'm kind of irritated at the game. 
 There are people who play the Souls games after watching someone else play it... I better go drink Drano. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 The sequel to the well-respected original Souls, yeah...what a sin I have commited. 
 He means the experience of the initial playthrough has already been spoiled for you. It's like watching a mystery movie after reading a spoiler-rich plot synopsis of the same film. You know what's going to happen, what to do, how to deal with every enemy before even encountering them for the first time yourself, etc. Blind first playthroughs of Souls games are the heart of the Souls experience. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 What can I say? I'm not experiencing the game the same as other, legitimate gamers such as yourselves. I really did just want to experience the story's plotline, and pick up gameplay tips along the way-- plus EpicNameBro has great commentary. I'm far too late to the party to ever experience the heart of the Souls experience. It's unfortunate, but a part of me is glad as well. ...Used the word "experience" way too much in this post. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name What can I say? I'm not experiencing the game the same as other, legitimate gamers such as yourselves. I really did just want to experience the story's plotline, and pick up gameplay tips along the way-- plus EpicNameBro has great commentary. I'm far too late to the party to ever experience the heart of the Souls experience. It's unfortunate, but a part of me is glad as well. ...Used the word "experience" way too much in this post. Noone here was calling you a "fake" gamer, so please shove that up your ass. It's your money, it's your time you should play however best you enjoy it. Objectively: a big part of the Souls series is going in blind and being online, just as a big part of Xcom was Ironman mode. Some people like playing with cheats, some people like playing with spoilers, whatever floats your boat dude. It's worth mentioning the reason the Souls series had gotten such significant praise was due to the initial blind nature, this meant you had to explore literally every aspect of the game from the enemies, the mechanics, to the story. Many, if not all, aspects of the games are specifically designed with this in mind, which means you're almost playing a completely different game than others. The reason the Souls series became a big deal is due to the the nature of modern titles to hold your hand, explain everything, or just dumb everything down. You can be fed all of those things and play the game and have fun, no one can argue with that, but you won't have that experience people were raving about initially. Play it however you'd enjoy it best. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 chill out guys 
 We can all expect raw, genuine feedback from Struggler and his rough posts. ThisGuy just wants to make a point, but they could have done a better job of not making it seem initially unfriendly despite it's friendly nature. We're all chill here, Squirtle. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name We can all expect raw, genuine feedback from Struggler and his rough posts. ThisGuy just wants to make a point, but they could have done a better job of not making it seem initially unfriendly despite it's friendly nature. We're all chill here, Squirtle. wat....... 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy There are people who play the Souls games after watching someone else play it... . He's saying that this post came off unfriendly to him. The tone of the post is ambiguous, so I'm not sure I blame him. 
 Originally Posted by umberhulk2 He's saying that this post came off unfriendly to him. The tone of the post is ambiguous, so I'm not sure I blame him. And yet he said "they," meaning I was somehow unfriendly as well. Me, of all people! I've never been so insulted. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Yes I have completed it twice, (once with a caster, once with melee character) but I never actually found the appeal to go through NG+ and repeat everything again. My caster was created in order to experience the game in a different way, and it was easier, but overall I just felt like... meh... I enjoy the game, just not interested in investing hours in PvP or leveling up characters. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by Struggler And yet he said "they," meaning I was somehow unfriendly as well. Me, of all people! I've never been so insulted. Well you have a point. But I'm 60% sure it was a typo. 
 The joke seems to be lost on some people Struggz. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler And yet he said "they," meaning I was somehow unfriendly as well. Me, of all people! I've never been so insulted. I wanted to stay gender neutral to ThisGuy, used "they" instead of "he/she". Also, when someone tells me to shove something up my ass, I normally wouldn't consider that as being friendly, however the rest of ThisGuy's post was not just ripping me, it was something reassuring. 
 All in all people, its a game, and the object of a game is to have fun. Be that through the game play, or the narrative it doesn't matter. As long as you enjoy the experience there isn't anything wrong with it. I have played games that people, and a lot of people say are bad... And to be honest they really are but I enjoyed them and they were fun! The fun of the Souls game, (In my opinion) and the success comes from the fact that they can tell their story through a unique way.. The game play itself, the game play is difficult for a reason, because it makes you feel as the character you play as. Thus making making you more attached to the game. Death is horrific in the game, you lose everything you have your souls and humanity and you always try to get more. (Much like your character in the context of the story, in relation to the hollowing.) You feel the desperation to survive, and the feeling of loss and worthlessness when you die. Its hard to put into words what else, but another way I can bring up it tells the story through the game play is how your character moves and fights. The character swings the weapon the way a normal person would! and it hits the way the weapon would. When you get hit you take a lot of damage because that's how you would in real life, so you feel more invested in avoiding hits (Much like a person who actually WAS about to be stabbed) I hope that makes sense, and that I sort of calmed everyone down. Thoughts? 
 I liked how you pointed out how players get attached to their characters and deaths mean much more to us, as well as the victories. 
