http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155139-Dubs-gt-Subs-and-here-s-why
[Anime] Dubs > Subs, and here's why:
 If at all possible, I always try to stick to dubbed anime. I was waiting for Funimation to release to dub of Attack on Titan, then decided it was too long and started it anyways. And let me say this: AoT is a FANTASTIC anime. I've loved almost every minute of it. It's had me in more immersion and anticipation than an anime has done in a while. But it feels like I could be much more into it than I already am (which is legitimately difficult for me to percieve) and when I question why, this is the answer I come up with: It's not in English. Now, don't get me wrong; I do not mind at all listening to spoken Japanese. I think it's a beautiful language and I would definitely like to learn it someday. But that's the problem; I don't know it yet. I don't think it matters if it's in English, Japanese, or Pig Latin; any anime that's in a language I can understand gives me a better experience. This is probably why I still haven't finished SoRa No WoTo. If I can understand what they're saying instead of having to read it, the anime has the potential to feel so much more immersive and personal than the alternative. And yes, to a degree it is also less distracting and annoying. I can definitely deal with some subs (like AoT) if the anime is good enough (like AoT) to keep me wanting to watch it even though it's handicapped by subs; but ten times out of ten, I will say that dubbed anime has so much more potential to be fulfilling and exceptional than subbed. I finished Episode 8 of Attack on Titan tonight. Tomorrow, I will wake up, eat breakfast, and then watch Episode 9. I plan on finishing AoT subbed, because I don't have the option to watch it dubbed. But when Funimation releases the dubbed version, there's a chance I'll rewatch the anime (which is something I've never done before) just because I think AoT's current greatness (which, I will restate, is abundant) can be expanded all that much more if I understand what the characters are saying rather than reading it. What's your guys' opinion? 
 It is the same to me whether I am reading or listening. However, it is hard to get immersed when the character and the voice are so repulsive of each other that it pushes you away with explosive force. When a character and their voice do not match very well, it becomes more of a distraction for me, and I am thinking, "stop. talking." I find this problem to be notorious in localized anime with few exceptions (and few reversed exceptions). For example, using an older woman's voice for a girl that would pass as a loli. I do not require the VA to be perfectly good and passionate. All I require is that the voice and character match. While certainly Japan has bad voice acting/actors as well, but I seldom hear any voices that I do not like. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I think it also works in reverse. If an anime is pretty bad, some of that can be "hidden" behind a sub since it is a bit less immersive of an experience. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 No. I value good voice acting and the voice acting in dubs are usually bad. You don't need to understand the language to judge if the VA is doing good. You can tell by how expressive/or inexpressive their voices are. The change in their tones and just the little things that makes it like they're actually acting. Majority of the time the VA that dubs anime are flat, uninteresting and no acting. I don't see how you can't be fully immerse to a story because you have to read the subs. Sometimes you don't have to read every single word to understand the sentence. Unless someone has tunnel vision a person can fully understand what is happening in the scene while reading the subs. Artistically speaking you don't need to read anything/everything to understand the scene, the animation/visual itself is enough to tell you what is happening. 
 Originally Posted by Tenken I think it also works in reverse. If an anime is pretty bad, some of that can be "hidden" behind a sub since it is a bit less immersive of an experience. I have never thought about it that way... but why would you want to watch a bad anime anyway? 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I find I simply connect with the jap voice better over dubbed 90%+ of the time. Pretty much what Flemmes says. 
 Hard for me to connect to a character speaking a language i dont fully understand yet. Subtitles make it possible to watch it but it really isn't the same experience. On top of that I find that the English voice actors are doing just fine and give some incredible performances from time to time. Funimation's quality has gone down slightly in the last year due to some of their regulars relocating for more job opportunities but the product is still good. On top of that Viz media has picked up the voice actors that Funimation lost which has raised their quality. I'll watch a subbed anime in certain situations but in most cases i'll try to avoid them. A lot of the voices annoy me, they all sound pretty much the same, and i can't connect with the characters nearly as much as id like to. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 This is a simple one for me to answer. I don't like 'reading' when I am watching a movie or series. Simple. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts This is a simple one for me to answer. I don't like 'reading' when I am watching a movie or series. Simple. What he said 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I'm sorry but dub is something I can handle because ever since I started watching anime I always watched in subs. Maybe it's because I'm used to watching in subs. Every time I try to watch it in sub I just can't handle it. Also some of the moe characters in anime for example kanon or any other moe animes the voice actors have hard time depicting the moe characters. There are good dubs like Panty and Stocking (well the only dub I watch). Still I prefer sub a lot more since dub voice actors are bad most of the times. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts This is a simple one for me to answer. I don't like 'reading' when I am watching a movie or series. Simple. Funny you should mention that. When I am watching something in a language that I can understand, I tend to be LESS attentive, unless there is major action going on. I usually turn away and do something else because I can listen to hear what is going on, no need to actually watch. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Good voice acting is good voice acting. I can tell without understanding a word. Case in point - check Space Dandy, compare it to the dub and get back to me. I find original voice acting generally destroys dubs and I am also so used to reading subs that I barely notice I'm doing it these days. I pick up tone and emotion a lot better as a result and dubs (outside of anime movies and big name studio productions) rarely cut it. Also, for people who watch fansubs etc, they are used ti the original voice so have an idea of how that character sounds like, so already the dub is working overtime to impress. I can see why some would prefer dubs (I also look down when picking up a beverage) but sub or dub snobs are both annoying. Sub snobs more so sadly, lol. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Japanese overacting or English underacting. Take your pick. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I skimmed through the posts, so forgive me if I'm reiterating something, but the only true immersion is to learn Japanese (it was mentioned slightly). Even if it was dubbed, it's pretty much the same meaning as subbed. Nothing has really changed. The part that is changing is that you lost content/meaning from the language translation progress. But I think dubbing is far more restrictive and you lose a lot more since you have to choose certain words to sync the mouth or shorten the intended meaning further. There's that, and as mentioned, the seiyuu matching the character is a big deal to me. But as the above mentioned, the seiyuu typically tries too much. :o Also, you don't really read while watching subs. If you sit away a proper distance (normal distance from the screen), you don't have to move your eyes and you can see the whole subbed line at once and your brain will take in that information and process it. Well, if you are comfortable with the English language at least. In fact, I use my peripheral vision and I still understand the subs. Only when the subbing takes 2 lines would I have to actually read it--which depends on the release. Check out http://www.spreeder.com/index.php to understand my point. These settings are way faster than any subs, but you should be fine if you are a someone that prefers subs: 
 Last edited by faux_pas; 01-23-2014 at 10:21 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Japanese overacting or English underacting. Take your pick. We must find the middle ground. I'm thinking Dutch for some reason. Like speaking English with a Dutch accent. Lets not get carried away here. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. We must find the middle ground. I'm thinking Dutch for some reason. Like speaking English with a Dutch accent. Lets not get carried away here. No no no. I've heard Tak speak. Nobody wants that. No one. Not even him. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Japanese overacting or English underacting. Take your pick. Overacting any day. Overacting can be funny. Under acting is just boring and depressing. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares I have never thought about it that way... but why would you want to watch a bad anime anyway? Eh, my theory was developed after watching enough kung-fu flicks. Jet Li for example is a terrible actor and it really shows in his english movies (e.g. The One). His subbed hong kong movies don't really stand out the same way though (e.g. Once upon a time in China). 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 It doesnt matter which one is better, at the end its still anime..., you will watch the one that you think its more fun, thats all 
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Funny you should mention that. When I am watching something in a language that I can understand, I tend to be LESS attentive, unless there is major action going on. I usually turn away and do something else because I can listen to hear what is going on, no need to actually watch. It's actually funny because anytime I play a game I always... ALWAYS, put subtitles on. I think this is cause sometimes there are scenes not planned out well and you miss stuff based on which direction you may be looking. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Funny you should mention that. When I am watching something in a language that I can understand, I tend to be LESS attentive, unless there is major action going on. I usually turn away and do something else because I can listen to hear what is going on, no need to actually watch. Same goes for me. With dubs I actually find myself wandering away and doing other things, while subs force me to stare at the screen. I watch both dubs and subs. I watch dubs if the voices sound good, such as Code Geass. I watch subs when the dubs are bad, such as Fairy Tail, and Madoka. And also, if you choose to limit yourself to dubs, you're missing out. On a lot. Mainly popular anime get dubs, and sadly, many of the popular animes aren't good. (Naruto, Bleach, SAO, etc.) All the newer animes (that are really good, such as kill la kill and strike the blood) are subs, and dubs would sound horrible for some. Subs voice sound generally better, since its the language and voice actor it was meant to be in to sound the best. 

 There are some good subs and good dubs but unfortunately the greater majority of English dubs are horrible. Case in point School Rumble (the dub make you want to punch your computer). It is good to say that dubs are better to watch that subs but after looking and watching hundreds of anime in both sub and dub, and countless discussions (many on this very site) about which is better, I think its best to say that its your own personal preference. Its ridiculous to say which is better overall and that they all should be taken on a case by case basis. Creating a blanket statement does not work in this situation. That said, I still like subs better. But I will watch a dub if the voice acting is good. 
 I understand the good voice acting vs. bad voice acting point of view. And quite honestly, if I understood Japanese, I'd watch my anime in that. But being able to audibly hear and understand what the characters are saying in many cases for me makes the anime more immersive, personal, and fullfilling. Typically, I'll go by that unless the dub legitimately seems like they picked the worst possible voice actors (DBZ Krillin anyone?). 
 Originally Posted by Rebellions Typically, I'll go by that unless the dub legitimately seems like they picked the worst possible voice actors (DBZ Krillin anyone?). Sonny Straight is awesome tho. On the other hand Goku in Japanese is unbearable. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 There are times that a dubbed voice can get the character so spot on its ridiculous. For example, in my opinion Crispin Freeman did an awesome job with Alucard in the anime Hellsing. He was able to bring out the sadistic, brutal, and sinister aspects of Alucard so well. One voice actor who got his role perfectly was Erik Davies when he voiced Hazama in Blazblue Continuum Shift. The trolling Hazama is infamous for, the trash talking, and the sadism all just blended together so well with Davies. A shame he stopped doing it, though. Doug Erholtz does a decent job with the main aspects as well, but I still miss the way Davies gave Hazama the best trolling tone I've ever heard. Of course, there are times where the dubbing could've done better. Currently, Steve Kramer is voicing Bang Shishigami in Blazblue Chronophantasma, but it just feels lacking compared to when Tony Oliver voiced him. Either they're playing the joke about him being mistaken as an "old man", or they're trying to make it seem like Bang's tendency for loud proclamations has finally begun rendering his voice hoarse. I guess its a bit of a gamble on how people will receive the voice of characters who are difficult to get the voice right. Also, I agree with Jellz on Goku's Japanese voice but only because they never changed his voice actor from when he was voiced as a kid. Funimation didn't want to go down that road and gave him two different voice actors to show his maturity from a kid to an adult. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
