http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151595-Chapter-724
 Chapter 724
 ****ing awesome chapter holy crap. so we get to see donflamingos power actually be named and finally revealed. I expected it to either be a devil fruit or just a skill. Either way it's kind of a cool ability for sure. Fujitora throwing the ship and the meteorites is completely nuts. His ability is very akin to gold lion shiki, that guy is able to throw islands. Laws devil fruit power came into handy this entire battle lol. Sanji was dead for sure. i think Zoro could stand a better chance against donflamingo since he could probably cut the string but they seem to be durable. And the ending was amazing. Seems like Law is more of a mystery then we thought he was, willingly admitting that he was using the strawhats all along. Not sure what exactly he is planning but I still don't think he can defeat Donflamingo. But then again, he owned vergo with one swing. Damn can't wait for next week. This chapter blew the rest of the shonen chapters away. 
 Yeah this chapter was really awesome. Law may try to betray the straw hats but luffy will protect him anyway and make him feel bad for trying to betray. awesome chapter despite luffy not even being in it. one piece has been the best shonen manga over the past couple weeks. keep it up Oda! 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Originally Posted by blacklegluffy Yeah this chapter was really awesome. Law may try to betray the straw hats but luffy will protect him anyway and make him feel bad for trying to betray. awesome chapter despite luffy not even being in it. one piece has been the best shonen manga over the past couple weeks. keep it up Oda! ya i fully agree law will lose then luffy will show up and hear about his past or some **** like that hate dof even more after already having heard rebbecas story and more and he will go ape **** luufy style and put dof down after he has been weakened by law then they will make a true alliance 
 Originally Posted by blacklegluffy Yeah this chapter was really awesome. Law may try to betray the straw hats but luffy will protect him anyway and make him feel bad for trying to betray. awesome chapter despite luffy not even being in it. one piece has been the best shonen manga over the past couple weeks. keep it up Oda! One Piece has been the best shonen manga over the past seventeen years. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 At least we now know what Donny's power is now and what his weakness is. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox At least we now know what Donny's power is now and what his weakness is. i guess kinda but i would not really call it a weakness per say has that only allows people to run from dof not fight him better since no one knows their weakness better then dof himself so you may be able to run from him a bit better not alot but a bit knowing this info but who again running is not fighting so not really a combat weakness also id be shocked if a man of dofs calibur and knows as the sky demon can use the sky walk ability like the marines and saji buuuuuut because he uses string a real weakness is that strings get cut so im wondering if zoro may end up fighting dof i know it sounds stupid but imo he would be a better match for dof then luffy would based on their two skill sets 
 Yeah, was just going to say the same thing. It's not really a weakness. It just means he can't jump high distances and can't stay in mid air. He can still cut people and immobilize them. And yeah Donflomingo might be a challenge that zoro might want to overcome for him to attain the title of the strongest swords man. Luffy might have a hard time dealing with someone like donflamingo. We didn't know the full extent of his power but it seems to be similar to Robins ability. Robin can sprout her limbs anywhere and donflamingo seems to materialize strings and control them individually which is a pretty strong ability given its use so far. 
 Originally Posted by Zenex i guess kinda but i would not really call it a weakness per say has that only allows people to run from dof not fight him better since no one knows their weakness better then dof himself so you may be able to run from him a bit better not alot but a bit knowing this info but who again running is not fighting so not really a combat weakness also id be shocked if a man of dofs calibur and knows as the sky demon can use the sky walk ability like the marines and saji buuuuuut because he uses string a real weakness is that strings get cut so im wondering if zoro may end up fighting dof i know it sounds stupid but imo he would be a better match for dof then luffy would based on their two skill sets "Sky" demon? It's Heavenly Demon or something like that, pretty sure it's a reference to his bloodline being a Celestial Dragon. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph "Sky" demon? It's Heavenly Demon or something like that, pretty sure it's a reference to his bloodline being a Celestial Dragon. oh sorry must have been a manga panda translation that said sky demon they are always getting stuff wrong still i dunno last time i checked dof said he is not a cd anymore so his title was stripped, as for what would cause him to lose the title i do not know i thought they got away with everything lol. Still i stand by saying that is far from a weakness, all it does is give people a better chance of running. The only way i can possible see that being a weakness is for someone who can do 2 thing 1. use sky walk 2. can control the clouds with those 2 things you could lure dof into the sky and then clear the clouds and watch him fall assuming he cant sky walk himself, which i assume he can because he crosses oceans with his power and no boat and that is alot of confidence he wont run out of clouds on the way. Like the new world is crazy right no way would dof be above the ocean without a back up plan with all his enimies etc.. all it would take is for a place with no clouds and he dies i doubt it. i think the biggest weakness of dof is his utter arrogance towards those he considers weak. 
 Originally Posted by Zenex i think the biggest weakness of dof is his utter arrogance towards those he considers weak. He's not though, he's one of the first villains to flat out say "I'm NOT underestimating the Strawhats". 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph He's not though, he's one of the first villains to flat out say "I'm NOT underestimating the Strawhats". I think if anything people are understimatnig Law here. He is extremely weird and basically used the strawhats for his own gain. He might pull a vergo on doflamingo or luffy saves law and the alliance all together. personally I want something more insane then that. Not sure about his string ability, but it seems like he can make a thicker string and calls it "whip" and traveled several kilometers. His string are pretty versatile I just dont see luffy going against him. 
 Law is getting ****ing whooped by Doflamingo lol. Oda's been showing him as super hax and near unstoppable since he showed up. He's due for smacking dead center in the middle of a wall. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph Law is getting ****ing whooped by Doflamingo lol. Oda's been showing him as super hax and near unstoppable since he showed up. He's due for smacking dead center in the middle of a wall. He might be strong but I don't think its far to call him super hax. He doesn't have the sharigan or something. 
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph He's not though, he's one of the first villains to flat out say "I'm NOT underestimating the Strawhats". and if i say the sky is green does that make it green? dof is the type to underestimate even if he does not think he is because that is just who he is due to his time as a cd...full of cockiness and arrogance granted he is not stupid either im sure he has considered the growth etc and made a plan he deems worthy which makes him think he is not underestimating them but i doubt dof even considers the fact that he could loose which is underestimating in its true form because if you dont think you can loose then your really not considering every angle as anyone can loose at anytime for any number of unknown reasons be them fair and predictable like you opponent is just stronger or unfair and unpredictable like enel vs luffy when luffy was immune to his df or the conditions of the fight put you at a big enough disadvantage that you just cannot win. more people need to realize when a character in a manga speaks he is speaking as himself not as oda... and that means everything they say is not garunteed fact it is just their opinion on the situation so for example if dof says im not underestimating the straw hats that is not oda garunteeing he isn't that is dof as a character saying what he thinks but just because he thinks he isn't does not mean he isn't as for law he is far from op and i have said that since he has been shown in the first place when everyone went nuts for his penis. for some reason most manga/anime fans nuts ride everyone who showsa a new power or comes out on top for a single event one week but that is just not me. Law right now is no more then tool oda is using to show the power of the new world by stepping up all the level of attacks everyone can do and making everything on a much grander scale. Is law powerful sure he is but in the new world he is no more then an average captain and im sure kaido and big mom and blackbeard and shanks all have plent of sub captains who are at his level. As i said law right now is now more then a tool who oda hyped just so everyone will nut ride his amazing power and then he can show him get beaten down to show the new powerscale. that is my view on law anyway im not oda so i cant factualize any of this 
 Originally Posted by Zenex and if i say the sky is green does that make it green? That's basically what you're doing by saying he's arrogant lol. dof is the type to underestimate This hasn't really been shown at all. even if he does not think he is because that is just who he is due to his time as a cd So you're just assuming this based off a status he once had, not even a behaviour status but a social one. That's nonsense talk lol. I mean you're saying "CD = Certain behavior set"...and yet Dofla exhibits zero in common with the six CD's we've seen so far. This is like trying to say Sabo is the same way because he was a noble. ...full of cockiness and arrogance granted he is not stupid either im sure he has considered the growth etc and made a plan he deems worthy which makes him think he is not underestimating them but i doubt dof even considers the fact that he could loose which is underestimating in its true form because if you dont think you can loose then your really not considering every angle as anyone can loose at anytime for any number of unknown reasons be them fair and predictable like you opponent is just stronger or unfair and unpredictable like enel vs luffy when luffy was immune to his df or the conditions of the fight put you at a big enough disadvantage that you just cannot win. Rambling like this isn't the same as arguing. You're trying to make some really silly point about confidence meaning underestimation in a series where confidence is literally a superpower shared by all the strongest characters including Luffy. more people need to realize when a character in a manga speaks he is speaking as himself not as oda... It's both. Oda puts the words in their mouths for reasons. 72 volumes into the series Oda is having one of the major villains acknowledge the threat of the Strawhats, after many arcs of the opposite happening. It's a way to up the ante and keep the threat real. Now we have a villain anticipating the Strawhats as tough, that's scary because he's less likely to make stupid mistakes. It's ALSO serving the purpose of showing how far they've come. We're being seen as serious threats by one of the most dangerous guys. Next step is being seen as peers. and that means everything they say is not garunteed fact it is just their opinion on the situation so for example if dof says im not underestimating the straw hats that is not oda garunteeing he isn't that is dof as a character saying what he thinks but just because he thinks he isn't does not mean he isn't I feel like I've made you nervous, your posting nervous. How does someone even do that. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph That's basically what you're doing by saying he's arrogant lol. This hasn't really been shown at all. So you're just assuming this based off a status he once had, not even a behaviour status but a social one. That's nonsense talk lol. I mean you're saying "CD = Certain behavior set"...and yet Dofla exhibits zero in common with the six CD's we've seen so far. This is like trying to say Sabo is the same way because he was a noble. Rambling like this isn't the same as arguing. You're trying to make some really silly point about confidence meaning underestimation in a series where confidence is literally a superpower shared by all the strongest characters including Luffy. It's both. Oda puts the words in their mouths for reasons. 72 volumes into the series Oda is having one of the major villains acknowledge the threat of the Strawhats, after many arcs of the opposite happening. It's a way to up the ante and keep the threat real. Now we have a villain anticipating the Strawhats as tough, that's scary because he's less likely to make stupid mistakes. It's ALSO serving the purpose of showing how far they've come. We're being seen as serious threats by one of the most dangerous guys. Next step is being seen as peers. I feel like I've made you nervous, your posting nervous. How does someone even do that. dof has not shown arrogance and cockiness really? I mean if you really think that then my debate with you ends here because if you can't see dofs cockiness and arogance in his words and actions towards other pirates and the wg then you clearly missed something and i cannot hold your hand through a story. there is a massive difference between confidence and arrogance and maybe one day you will learn to tell the difference. also if you cant see that the words of characters mouth is them speaking from their characters role and perspective and not from a garunteed factual stand point again I cant hold your hand through this. have a good trip through the rest of the manga 
 Originally Posted by Zenex dof has not shown arrogance and cockiness really? I mean if you really think that then my debate with you ends here because if you can't see dofs cockiness and arogance in his words and actions towards other pirates and the wg then you clearly missed something and i cannot hold your hand through a story. there is a massive difference between confidence and arrogance and maybe one day you will learn to tell the difference. also if you cant see that the words of characters mouth is them speaking from their characters role and perspective and not from a garunteed factual stand point again I cant hold your hand through this. have a good trip through the rest of the manga arrogance and cockiness is ripped all over Donny's face for sure....but I do say he is pretty confident in his abilities and his plans all together. So I would say he his both cocky and confident. Well anyway this was a pretty good chapter but I really didn't think Oda would have revealed Dof's abilities so lightly like that....and it was really simple really but still cool. I say though I was bit disappoint there was no Dof vs Sanji. That would have been great. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Originally Posted by Zenex dof has not shown arrogance and cockiness really? Not in the sense you're implying no. I mean if you really think that then my debate with you ends here because if you can't see dofs cockiness and arogance in his words and actions towards other pirates and the wg then you clearly missed something and i cannot hold your hand through a story. there is a massive difference between confidence and arrogance and maybe one day you will learn to tell the difference. So any time you'd like to show where he does something stupidly arrogant like a Celestial Dragon would be nice. also if you cant see that the words of characters mouth is them speaking from their characters role and perspective and not from a garunteed factual stand point again I cant hold your hand through this. If you think they're real people and not controlled in their every word and action by an author you're medically insane. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph Not in the sense you're implying no. So any time you'd like to show where he does something stupidly arrogant like a Celestial Dragon would be nice. If you think they're real people and not controlled in their every word and action by an author you're medically insane. would not waste my time going through manga page after manga page to show you stuff you have already seen and did not comprehend the first time and if you think authors don't use their characters words to misdirect the audience by having said character speak from their perspective and not from a factual point so they can later come back and apply a twist or other things then you need to learn how to interpret a story. When dof speaks he speaks it is from the perspective of doflamingo and when luffy speaks he speaks from the perspective of luffy not everything they say is 100 percent true it is their views on the situation. ex. luffy says shanks is an amazing guy etc but does that mean its 100 percent true....no it means luffy views shanks ad a good guy but akainu says shanks is a douche bag and hates all pirates....now can you see how two characters can say two different thing and have neither of it be true but just a statement from the perspective of their character. but you won't get it again which is the exact reason why I will not waste my time explaining further or gathering manga pages etc because you dont get it now you won't get it then. edit: Well i just watched todays episode of one piece and it gave the perfect example of dof and his overconfidence and arrogance so its your lucky day i'll give you a good example 1. this is where law tells dof he is overconfident and he is about to loose vergo and the s.a.d because of it  Spoiler 2. This is where dof laughs at him and say no vergo will beat you remember the last time you pissed him off ( overconfident and cocky )  Spoiler 3. This is where law cuts vergo in half and dof looses both vergo and his s.a.d due to his overconfident cocky underestimating ass  Spoiler that is just one of many examples of dofs cockyness, arrogance and underestimating attitude. One day when you learn to comprehend a manga and a story and a character and his development etc come back and read one piece again you will really enjoy it because it really is a great story for those who comprehend it 
 Last edited by Zenex; 10-12-2013 at 10:12 PM. 
 That had to be one of Law's most badass moments. The anime episode of that scene did not disappoint. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Originally Posted by Game Over That had to be one of Law's most badass moments. The anime episode of that scene did not disappoint. ya it def was 
 Originally Posted by Zenex would not waste my time going through manga page after manga page to show you stuff you have already seen and did not comprehend the first time I'm going to guess this means you don't have much to go off of, but want to make it seem like it. and if you think authors don't use their characters words to misdirect the audience by having said character speak from their perspective and not from a factual point so they can later come back and apply a twist or other things then you need to learn how to interpret a story. You have zero sense of when that is happening though, so your words and credibility on interpreting when that is happening are meaningless. When dof speaks he speaks it is from the perspective of doflamingo and when luffy speaks he speaks from the perspective of luffy not everything they say is 100 percent true it is their views on the situation. We aren't talking about a truth statement, we're talking about a character directly contradicting what you are saying. Are you saying Dofla is lying? If Oda is "misdirecting us", why? I don't think you've actually thought about that why whatsoever, and the only thing you're basing this on is to shortsightedly win a stupid internet argument. ex. luffy says shanks is an amazing guy etc but does that mean its 100 percent true....no it means luffy views shanks ad a good guy Right. And Dofla says the Strawhats are dangerous and shouldn't be underestimated but does that mean it's 100% true? No it means Dofla views them that way. Oh look you just basically conceded the argument. Funny how you accidentally did that. It's almost like you are barely capable of understanding your own half-conceived stabs at creative writing rules. that is just one of many examples of dofs cockyness, arrogance and underestimating attitude. That's one example, with one character, with a situation he wasn't even seeing but hearing. And it's extremely run of the mill. There's nothing especially stand out about that. One day when you learn to comprehend a manga and a story and a character and his development etc come back and read one piece again you will really enjoy it because it really is a great story for those who comprehend it Says the guy who accidentally killed his own argument due to how badly he actually understands reading comprehension. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph I'm going to guess this means you don't have much to go off of, but want to make it seem like it. You have zero sense of when that is happening though, so your words and credibility on interpreting when that is happening are meaningless. We aren't talking about a truth statement, we're talking about a character directly contradicting what you are saying. Are you saying Dofla is lying? If Oda is "misdirecting us", why? I don't think you've actually thought about that why whatsoever, and the only thing you're basing this on is to shortsightedly win a stupid internet argument. Right. And Dofla says the Strawhats are dangerous and shouldn't be underestimated but does that mean it's 100% true? No it means Dofla views them that way. Oh look you just basically conceded the argument. Funny how you accidentally did that. It's almost like you are barely capable of understanding your own half-conceived stabs at creative writing rules. That's one example, with one character, with a situation he wasn't even seeing but hearing. And it's extremely run of the mill. There's nothing especially stand out about that. Says the guy who accidentally killed his own argument due to how badly he actually understands reading comprehension. good game bro you asked for an example you got the perfect one.... that is what loosing feels like 
