http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159369-SPOILERS-Psycho-Pass-2-Ending-discussion
 [SPOILERS] Psycho-Pass 2 Ending discussion.
 Ok, they released the final episode of season 2, what did everyone think? I personally thought that, while it was good, it didn't hold up to season 1 at all. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Will be watching the second season after I finish K. I can't wait. Psycho-pass was one of my top 5 favorite anime. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by TheExpertCrafter Ok, they released the final episode of season 2, what did everyone think? I personally thought that, while it was good, it didn't hold up to season 1 at all. I agree, I saw last episode some days ago, but that end suits very well with the story. I just expected something more spectacular. Problably we will see more into the movie... 
 Look forward to the movie instead. It has more Kougami there. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Sakiya Rumei Look forward to the movie instead. It has more Kougami there. Yeah, where the heck is Kogami? He never died, but he was never shown except for flashbacks and crap. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 I think they sort of trying to make s2 as a brand new arc without kogami (except his ideal and akane's mind play) All in all I take this like a filler . Its so bad I cant think of it as canonical. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by TheExpertCrafter Yeah, where the heck is Kogami? He never died, but he was never shown except for flashbacks and crap. From my understanding, Kogami was never shown because Sibyl could pinpoint him through scanners. Most likely he's living in the camapign now. I hope he will come back in the film too. 
 Originally Posted by Corweskyy From my understanding, Kogami was never shown because Sibyl could pinpoint him through scanners. Most likely he's living in the camapign now. I hope he will come back in the film too. Still though, you can't just completely ignore a character like that. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Corweskyy From my understanding, Kogami was never shown because Sibyl could pinpoint him through scanners. Most likely he's living in the camapign now. I hope he will come back in the film too. He plays a role in the film. There is a trailer out somewhere. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Can we all just agree that this season was ****ing terrible? No Urobuchi gen = no valid plot line 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by TheExpertCrafter Still though, you can't just completely ignore a character like that. Yeah, you're right, but what was he supposed to do? He didn't know about Sibyl and he couldn't use a Dominator either. He also got vengeance against Makishima, so I think he only wanted to live freely. Real matter is Akane... Why hasn't she tried to get in touch with him? Originally Posted by Sakiya Rumei He plays a role in the film. There is a trailer out somewhere. I didn't know trailer's came out, thanks! I'll look at it asap. 
 Originally Posted by Ta-Ka Can we all just agree that this season was ****ing terrible? No Urobuchi gen = no valid plot line Yeah I was pretty disappointed, do you know if Gen is directing the movie? 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by TheExpertCrafter Yeah I was pretty disappointed, do you know if Gen is directing the movie? Yes he will be. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Ta-Ka Yes he will be. Hmmm, ok, I have high hopes then. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Ta-Ka Can we all just agree that this season was ****ing terrible? No Urobuchi gen = no valid plot line I haven't watched the season except for the first two episodes. Which weren't bad. But i'm not sure if i want to watch it if this is true. Usually uobuchi is adament about finishing his work. 
 Why is this season so horrible? I can't understand what the problem is. Plot line? Kogami's disappearance? 
 I think it's exaggerated to say that season 2 is terrible... It's true. S2 can't hold up to S1, but psycho pass 2 is on an higher level than most of today's anime in my opinion... 
