http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?60344-Forum-Rules-Warnings-Infractions-and-Bannings
 Forum Rules, Warnings, Infractions and Bannings
 Forum Rules: All members are to respect the thoughts, opinions, and the right to forum use of all other members. Any personal discrepancies between members should either be dealt with outside of the site, or through site staff. Failure to abide by these rules may result in a ban from Anime-Forums. Moderators and Administrators will investigate all matters to the best of our abilities when brought to our attention. Administrators have right to check pm's in the case that we are under the suspicion that someone is breaking any A4 rules or harassment or advertising. No Spamming. This includes: When posting a response to a thread, it must add to the overall discussion value of the thread (responses that merely agree with previous posts or add nothing to the topic are spam and will be deleted). Posts which do not adhere to the boundaries of the thread posted in. Threads which are placed in inappropriate forums. Role playing, chain story threads. Useless threads/posts. ("I have a cat" or similar threads are considered useless.) Threads with topics which already exist. Please observe previous threads for an existing topic before creating a new one. If duplicate threads are made they will locked or deleted. Flame posts." is my favorite" threads, please. Such posts are only permissible in the context of general "favorites" threads (eg, a "Who's your favorite character?" thread). This also includes bumping up threads. Please refrain from posting anything that is clearly just stating "Bump!" No double posting, there is an edit button available now. No picture responses. Your post consists of only a pic and nothing else. Having a verbal response AND an attached pic is fine. Posts under 20 characters. There is an internal check from the forum itself that will inform you if you are under 17 characters (this includes spaces). Posts that contain "17characters" as a means to bypass the minimum limit will be dealt with or any other similar way such as "Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" or "????????????????????" will not be tolerated as well.No list posts. Any post that includes little besides a list of names or titles do not contribute to discussion and are spam.Do not 'necro' threads, meaning do not bump (post in) threads that have not been posted in for quite a few months or more, aside from stickied threads which is fine. If you spot a spam post, please report it by clicking the button which appears in the bottom left of every post. No Hentai. Ever. No obscenities or any other inappropriate behavior. This includes discrimination against someone for their sexual, religious, racial, or ethnic characteristics. Actions such as these will not be tolerated and will result in a ban. Freely saying racial epithats will also not be tolerated Do not post shocking, gruesome or grotesque images on the site without putting the image in a spoiler tag and giving an adequate warning on the contents, failure to do so could result in a warning or infraction. No links to copyrighted digital material such as full anime episodes, manga scans, Mp3's, HK Bootlegs, or programs that help encode or distribute these materials, or means to hack into software and/or hardware. No assisting on the forums with information to such links. Legal sites such as Last.fm, Pandora, Hulu and other services that own licenses which allows you to consume media is allowable. No Selling. No more than one account per user. If you need to change your username the instructions can be found here. No unauthorized advertising on the forums or through private messages. If you wish to advertise, please contact an Admin for details. The admins are Shian Kiri (Knuckles10 and Wildstar not currently available) If you would like to announce a competition or recruit people for a project, please follow the same process as for advertising. Post Signature Rules: Signature The Maximum width allowed is 550 pixels. The Maximum height allowed is 300 pixels. No larger than 100 kb. No more than 1 picture per sig (unless the combined size of the pictures is within the 100 kb limit). Club Banners The maximum height allowed is 75 pixels. The maximum width allowed is 225 pixels. No more than 3 club banners per sig (unless the combined size of the pictures is within the 100 kb limit). These dimensions include text. For more clarification on what this means: Reference Image Note: This is the maximum dimensions a signature can be.  Spoiler The Rules at a Glance The allowed signature size is 550x300 Pixels100KB is the maximum total file size of all images combinedFailure to comply: Signature removal.Continued failure to comply: Infraction.Spoiler tags?: Feel free. However, all previously mentioned rules still apply. What happens if I break the rules? Moderators will either remove your sig or ask you to. Repeated violations result in an infraction. Does the height rule include spoilers? Yes. But not the content. Does the file size rule include spoilers? Yes. Files inside spoilers load when the pages load, so they also count. How can I tell the size of an image? It depends on the browser. The best bet is to Right Click on the image on the page, then go to Properties.[/spoiler] Privacy Policy (this is for your own good, people): Don't post personal information like your address and telephone number on the forums. If you wish to share such information, please do so only with trusted individuals, and in a private manner, such as through e-mail or private messaging. Also, do not violate any other user's privacy by publishing information that is private and personal. Privacy Regarding PM's - We respect the privacy of our users. However, rules do apply to our Private Messaging system. If we are told of complaints about harassment, advertising or if you post on the board saying you'll provide links of copyrighted material we are obligated to check your messages. Seperate Forum rules Please be sure to also pay attention to any additional rules for a particular forum. These seperate forum rules are only to be followed in that particular forum. Those rules were created to suit the needs of that particular forum that they were created for. These include: No Plagarisim: See Here A4 IRC and Chatbox Rules: No FlamingNo FloodingNo Racist or Sexist remarks Failure to follow chat rules will result in being kicked or banned. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 06-21-2014 at 01:29 PM. Reason: Edited Admin contact info 
''Let's eat Grandma!'' or, ''Let's eat, Grandma!'' Punctuation saves lives. Use it. Save a life.
