http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?68134-Japanese-Honorifics-A-Very-Basic-Lesson-Suffixes
 Japanese Honorifics - A Very Basic Lesson - Suffixes
 The following is a heavily plagiarized document intended to help you understand the significance of honorific suffixes in the Japanese language. These suffixes can help you understand the subtleties of relationships you find in anime and manga, and can give you clues about who respects who, who dislikes who, or who might be in love with who. Some anime make liberal use of honorific suffixes to hint at relationships between its characters, meaning if you are not familiar with how they work you might be left behind just a little bit. We will begin by stating that politeness is a very important part of Japanese culture. Politeness is so important, in fact, that honorific language could almost be counted as another language itself (there are no less than three ways to say "see", depending how polite you want to be). We won't be getting into that (I'm still researching it myself), and will focus on honorific suffixes. Before we begin, it is important to remember that this lesson is aimed specifically at anime, though it does borrow from modern Japanese language to a small degree. Important notes are mentioned either at the end of this document or attached to definitions themselves. -san The suffix -san is can be equated to our own use of Mr., Mrs., or Miss. It is the all-purpose honorific to use, as it can be appropriately attached to the names of new or old aquaintances. If you were to go into our own "Introduction" forum, you could tag this suffix onto a newcomers name just as easily as you could with a forum user you've known a long time but never became friends or familiar with. This suffix does not imply intimacy. In Anime Characters in anime tend to use this suffix appropriately, tagging it on to the names of people they've never formally met up until that moment. For the most past, -san seems to be used accurately. -sama This suffix is reserved for individuals who command a high respect and is the loose equivalent of master. This is often times the ultimate level of respect. Note: The use of -sama is typically avoided in modern Japan, as even a casual misuse is regarded as offensive. Despite it's common use in anime and manga, most people in modern Japan prefer to use -san. In Anime A character can be called -sama rather quickly, but this seems to be a literary device to quickly establish a kind of hidden hierarchy. There is some kind of understanding between the characters, and even if the suffix is being use with the intent of being patronizing most characters do not react as such. In anime, -sama is very commonly used in order to show the viewer who might demand (or has previously earned) respect. It's much looser than in real life. -dono The suffix -dono comes from the word "tono", which means "lord." Like -sama, -dono implies a high level of respect, though it is rarely used today. Some, like Del Rey Manga, say that -dono is an even higher level suffix in terms of respect than -sama. Please note, however, that this suffix appears to be obsolete in modern Japanese culture and typically applies only to traditional drama or fantasy-based anime and manga. In Anime This author is not so sure of it's use, as I have seen it used in a rather stiffly casual way (Kenshin calling Kaoru "Kaoru-dono" in the "Rurouni Kenshin" series, which may or may not take her position as head of her sword-fighting school into account) and as a means of identifying between comrades (in the anime series "Samurai 7", where all the samurai refer to one another using the -dono suffix). -kun This suffix is typically used with young boys and is used to emote familiarity, but can also be used among grown men for the same reason. It is a less stuffy alternative to -san. In Anime Anime makes liberal use of -kun to show anything from romantic interests to comradery. It's a kind of blanket suffix that sees such frequent use that not much can be ascertained by it's use alone. In anime, the use of -kun can simply mean the characters have met once before or that the character using it is very casual even in inappropriate moments. -chan The suffix -chan is typically used with young girls, very small boys, something cute, or something that's just very small. This suffix implies cuteness and/or closeness, and is often used between lovers. In Anime Like -kun, -chan is used so often in anime that little can be gained by hearing it's use. Anything from older characters referring to younger ones, a member of a one-sided romance pleadingly calling out to another or simply meeting someone more than once. Many characters use this like -kun, inappropriately. -bozu Typically used with young boys (also as a title, "bozu", instead of a suffix), -bozu is the rough equivalent of saying "kiddo", "squirt", or even a playful use of the word "brat". In Anime This honorific suffix is often used in anime and manga when an older boy addresses a younger boy he is not particularly impressed or fond of, as it downplays his station. This is almost always used by a character the anime is trying to tell you is laid back and cool. -senpai or -sempai (translation seems to vary, probably due to pronounciation issues) This suffix is used to refer to someone of a higher social station within a group or organization (like school or even the workplace). In Anime Anime makes tends to make liberal use of this suffix in school settings to show who is in a higher grade than the speaker, and thus implying some measure of respect. This suffix can sometimes be translated as "upperclassman", making it a handy tool for showing a new character is familiar with a regular one. Originally Posted by BuddyLee It's spelled "senpai," but normally pronounced "sempai." The /p/ sound is bilabial, so when people change the /n/ to an /m/, they're using assimilation to make the sound before /p/ more like it. -kohai The suffix -kohai is used to refer to individuals who are lower in station than the speaker. Like -senpai/sempai, this is most commonly use in school settings. In Anime Although not demeaning or insulting by nature (if you're of lower station you're of lower station, that's just how it is), anime and manga often use -kohai when an upperclassman looks begrudgingly down on a lowerclassman. This isn't very common, but it can help to know it should it come up. -sensei This suffix can be used as a title as well. A sensei is one who teaches, and thus commands some measure of respect. Sensei can be used as a title (calling your teacher sensei is fine) or as an honorific suffix (Sakura in the anime "Naruto" almost always refers to her teacher as Kakashi-sensei). The literal translation of sensei is, "one who has gone before." Doctors and medicinal practitioners are often called sensei. In Anime When a character refers to another as sensei they are calling them teacher unless the subject is clearly wearing a white lab coat (in which case he'd be a doctor). [blank] or no honorific The absence of an honorific implies that the speaker has been given permission to leave one out, implying an intimacy with whomever granted such permission. This is usually reserved for spouses, family, or close friends. This is known as yobisute. If permission was not obtained and honorifics are not used this is rather insulting. It should be noted that BuddyLee see this differently and insists that -chan or -kun can be considered much "closer" than the absence of an honorific. Notes - I forgot to mention this initially, but it is important to remember that anime characters do not necessarily speak in the same manner as regular, every-day Japanese do. Anime and manga are means of entertainment, and thus dialogue is often exaggerated in one way or another. Sources: - http://www.anime.org.au/main/page.php?page=8 - Del Rey Manga (Tsubasa Chronicles Manga) - http://stason.org/TULARC/art/anime-f...ms-Of-Add.html - Years of wondering, "What the hell does that mean?" whilst watching anime. Special thanks to: - BuddyLee - symph lizard Further reading: - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_honorifics 
 Last edited by KT Samurai; 04-24-2008 at 11:13 PM. 

