http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Glam District - The Dockside Slave-House The police were well on their way to the Docks, particularly the disheveled region where the warehouse was located. Luminary and Emily were still inside. The vigilante had begun unlocking cells and administering whatever mental stimulants he could to the extremely etherised individuals wasting away in their foul-smelling cells. Some were conscious enough to realize that rescue had arrived. Many were in awe or a stupor, and were weak from the horrific abuse. "Everybody, you're free. Police are on their way, stay calm and stay quiet." Luminary announced, standing before the shambling crowd of survivors. Emily was also a part of the crowd now. Then, the doors to the facility opened. TecFas District - Varrion Corporation HQ "Buddy, this isn't the place to be right now. Also, don't freak out that I followed you." Evander curtly stated, staring at Jo's irises. The man had been crazy to rush towards the danger, and as a hero, Evander felt obligated to stop the man before he hurt himself. He had trailed Jo and managed to arrive at the expansive, picturesque plaza that served as the Varrion HQ building's entrance-path. It was now a warzone, where corpses and the remnants of past conflicts stained the stone and earth with deep scars or heavy, rugged smears. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
