http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155591-A4-s-7th-Annual-Awards-Winners
 A4's 7th Annual Awards - Winners
 2013 Winners Acknowledging that we cannot please everyone, the winners are as follows: 1. A4's Admin of the Year - Shian Kiri 2. A4's Moderator of the Year - Struggler and Shannon Apple 3. A4's Master Debater - Tenken 4. A4's Most Artistic: - KT Samurai 5. A4's Gaming Guru - Takera 6. A4's Best New Member (2013 Member only) - NuttsnBolts 7. A4's Member of the Year 2013 - Shannon Apple 8. A4's Funniest Member 2013 - Oh Snap 9. A4's Most Knowledgeable Otaku - Ian the Korean 10. A4's Blogger of the Year - Soyuza and Faerhen 11. A4's Most Influential Member - KT Samurai 12. A4's Writer (Writer's Block) of the Year - MoSteel 13. A4's biggest Music Fanatic - Oh Snap and Paperbox (this one is iffy too judging by the voters involved, but we're giving it to both) 14. A4's Most Missed Member of 2013 - SweetSakura (RIP Gwen ^_____^) 15. Most Addicted Role-Player - TotalChaosGirl88 16. Biggest Spammer/Troll - Soyuza and Pured 17. Contributor of the Year - Ned 18. Most Improved Member - Zer0 19. A4's Camwhore 2013 (person who you remember most from Lifting Veils) - Mihstah 20. Talent of the Year - Captain Picard Threads/Post: 21. Epic Thread of 2013 - A4's Opinion of You 22. The Most Awkward Thread of 2013 - A4's Opinion of You 23. A4 Member quote of the year - missing poll? 24. Most Memorable Current Event of 2013 - Paul Walker 25. Signature of the Year - Takera 26. Anime of the Year - Attack On Titan 27. Movie of the Year - The Hobbit - The Desolation of Smaug 28. TV Show of the Year - Breaking Bad 29. Manga of the Year - Attack On Titan 30. Game of the Year - Pokemon X&Y Events: 31. A4 Community Event of the Year 2013 - A4 A Giffology - Redux Now onto the fun part, or not so fun part. We realise that the above winners may not quite have been the case had these awards been run much more tightly, votes that went one way, may have been spread out differently. There had been some collusion/trolling of the awards. In some cases it was deliberate and in others it wasn't. I want to stress this point: NOMINEES WERE NOT TO BLAME. It had come to our attention that some members of the Elevens did in fact mess with the awards this year and so people have been disqualified, and in some cases, through no fault of their own, but it is totally obvious when we looked at all the polls and how the votes were made in each case. The second in line in each of those polls has been declared winner. This is not a witch hunt against any group as there really only were a handful of people being tools, and in some cases sheeple, who happen to be from one group. It's very simple really. In order to be considered for an award next year, an active presence in the corresponding areas of the forum is 100% necessary. That really should make sense to most people considering that they are forum awards. Examples (bear in mind, there were more than this both on the forum and via PM to myself): Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle Kyo set me up for this DDDDD: I don't want to steal this from Ta-ka qq Originally Posted by **PIA because i rarely post in A4 lol i dont know why i was ever put in any of these competitions o_o  Spoiler Note from myself: People accused me of not setting this up properly in the first place, but if they were so concerned about that, they could have offered to help me since I am not paid for this, and the hours I did spend were my own. They could have NOT been idiots for one. This is a thankless job, and I realised just how much so when people couldn't even have the courtesy to vote fairly in these awards. Nominating was one thing, but deliberately going out of one's way to vote for the "odd one out" or only voting for their friends was unreasonable. I stopped promoting these awards at the point that I realised what was happening. Next year, we will have to go back to a format from years ago where all nominations are approved by a team before they go to polls. We didn't have any issues with this format in the past two to three years and probably because it wasn't ran by staff. People do enjoy trolling staff-run events for some reason, or it seems that way. Since I was pretty much on my own this year, apart from help with the polls themselves. (which is a big job, and thank you guys <3) I didn't have the luxury of being able to check each nomination and whether they posted in each section that they were nominated. I just put all nominees up in the hopes that common sense would prevail. I am not sure if I will continue to put my time into events on A4, but if I am involved next year, things will be done differently. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 02-18-2014 at 03:46 PM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
