http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page388
 League of Legends - Page 388
 Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here Also, what qualifies as "free" damage? Is "free" damage usually dependent on DFG like Ahri's W and R? Or is it just tacked on to the end of utility abilities like Kassadin's R, Fizz's E, or Zed's W? "Free" damage is missing all of your skill shots but still doing an assload (scientific term) of damage thanks to your heat-seeking fox fire and spirit rush. You know this. >_> 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Ahri's damage was centered around the mechanic of "simply existing nearby your target in order to apply damage". Her ult and W, her two biggest sources of damage, automatically lock on and do all the work for you. That's a step beyond a targeted ability because even with a targeted ability you have to target something before you get your reward. What may or may not happen to other champs is irrelevant to Ahri's unique situation. They could have made Kassadin's ultimate a global and that wouldn't change how powerful Ahri's kit is in the grand scheme of things. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Ahri's damage was centered around the mechanic of "simply existing nearby your target in order to apply damage". Her ult and W, her two biggest sources of damage, automatically lock on and do all the work for you. That's a step beyond a targeted ability because even with a targeted ability you have to target something before you get your reward. What may or may not happen to other champs is irrelevant to Ahri's unique situation. They could have made Kassadin's ultimate a global and that wouldn't change how powerful Ahri's kit is in the grand scheme of things. The skill in Foxfire lies in positioning yourself properly to ensure that the fires hit the right target, which is infinitely hard to do than click on someone to do damage. Doing so also puts Ahri at extreme risk as well. You're also not going to nuke anyone without DFG. Also, what do these changes do that taking damage out of W and R and putting into Q wouldn't accomplish? Unique? What? She does too much damage and is too safe. That's her problem. Kass does too much damage. He's safer than Ahri. Fizz does too much damage, he's just as safe AND gets invulnerability. Zed does the same damage, also invulnerable, and just Shadow Dashes out. How can you possibly claim that Ahri's situation is unique? @Ian I'm pissed about Ahri's changes, sure, but what pisses me off more is that champions who are equally problematic got through the patch with no problem at all. Can you at least understand why that's frustrating? Originally Posted by Struggler "Free" damage is missing all of your skill shots but still doing an assload (scientific term) of damage thanks to DFG and your heat-seeking fox fire and spirit rush. You know this. >_> FTFY 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 To put it in perspective another way. Look at some generic Fizz lane counters. Leblanc, Swain, Aatrox, maybe Diana all pretty good against Fizz (although truthfully plenty of champions **** on him early game)... funnily enough all of those champions are also considered bigger Ahri counters than Fizz counters... and yet Ahri is so safe in lane even her counters have almost no kill or cs deny potential. Its' not that Ahri was broken OP, so much as it was you couldn't play her poorly. Her R and W require no real management by the player to deal damage in a hectic fight, her Q gives every toss 2 chances to deal damage, and you could spend all game whiffing Charm and never hurt yourself too terribly. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
 Originally Posted by FROIDBUSTER To put it in perspective another way. Look at some generic Fizz lane counters. Leblanc, Swain, Aatrox, maybe Diana all pretty good against Fizz (although truthfully plenty of champions **** on him early game)... funnily enough all of those champions are also considered bigger Ahri counters than Fizz counters... and yet Ahri is so safe in lane even her counters have almost no kill or cs deny potential. Its' not that Ahri was broken OP, so much as it was you couldn't play her poorly. Her R and W require no real management by the player to deal damage in a hectic fight, her Q gives every toss 2 chances to deal damage, and you could spend all game whiffing Charm and never hurt yourself too terribly. It seems people have been misunderstanding me. First of all, removing DFG fro the game would solve this problem entirely and allow them to buff champs like Eve, LB, etc. But since that's not going to happen, I agree that Ahri needed nerfs. The problem here is that this is not a nerf. This is an unwarranted slaughter of her potential. She's been Olaf'd. When you couple that with the fact that her counterparts also "Couldn't be played poorly," yet have received changes nowhere near as drastic or crushing, I can't help but be irritated. Am I seriously the ONLY one who sees the injustice in the way that these four champions have been handled? 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 I still agree with Ixi on alot of what he says. Ahri doesn't need nerfs so much as DFG is an item that works on only a select few champions and currently those champions are popular for their relatively safe play potential and high burst damage. Honestly this severely limits Ahri's ability to get in range for charm to burst down a valuble target such as ADC or the mid-laner whereas only Zed has also received a decent nerf in response to this mechanic. Kassadin received a buff in that respect (although his Q utility is somewhat recuced late game) and Fizz only received ratio nerfs on an ability that accounts for less damage than his other attacks. I'm not against things changing, but I think this ruins team fighting in the lane for Ahri. It would require an ambush from the jungle or a face-check which are easy enough to avoid. Perhaps the new vision changes will help make facechecking and jungle control more possible for Ahri however. Well Ixi just wait it out. I'm sure we will see some more changes in the future before true competitive play resumes. 

 You're a little too focused on what's happening with other champs and losing sight on what's going on with Ahri, though. She's too powerful, much too powerful for too little effort, and forcing her to think more about her move set is a logical approach. It's entirely possible that emphasizing the use of charm in order to maximize her damage could lead to her being over nerfed. But right now she's too good. She offers too little counter play and gets away with too much. Speaking more broadly, other champs are also a problem. But this doesn't somehow make Ahri less of one by comparison. As I said before, they could have made Kass' ulti global and it wouldn't change the issues surrounding Ahri. Kass problems are Kass problems, Ahri problems are Ahri problems. 

 Bunch more news. First the a preview of the jungle update. We’ve got some big things coming for the jungle this preseason. The overarching philosophy for our jungle update is to create more options and possibilities for junglers of all kinds. This moves us closer to the larger goal of ensuring that all roles and positions within League of Legends can feel strong throughout and make a big impact on the endgame. Let’s take a look at some of the changes: The Season 3 jungle Junglers are very strong early, but many are pushed into more of a supporting role by mid-game Junglers frequently run out of camps to farm due to laning teammates ‘poaching’ jungle monsters Junglers who can gank early are favored over any other type of jungler Junglers who fall behind early have a very difficult time getting back into the game Why do these things happen? • Jungle monsters don’t scale well Jungle monsters grant more experience and gold (relative to minions) early in the game but don’t scale as well as minions. Therefore, ‘carry’ junglers can’t carry by farming the jungle – they must take lane farm or have multiple successful ganks if they want to achieve the same amount of gold and experience as laners. • The tradeoff between ganking and farming is not optimal Farming the jungle does not provide enough reward compared to the potential pay-off of early ganks. Additionally, it’s easier for some champions to keep the jungle cleared while maintaining gank pressure. • It is better to concentrate gold onto a Marksman or Mage In the Season 3 meta, gold was nearly always more efficient on a Marksman or Mage, regardless of position. This leads to rampant poaching of the jungle and junglers often find themselves at a clear gold disadvantage as compared to Marksmen or Mages. Our new season jungling goals: • Flexibility in the jungle We really want more playstyles to be viable in the jungle. Junglers will have more flexibility in choosing jungle routes, and the optimal jungle route will vary more depending on your champion. • More resources Junglers who are more farm-centric will be able to obtain gold and experience similar to that found in solo lanes, offsetting the map pressure and lane support they give up by farming. “Farming Carry” and “Ganking Support” will both be viable play styles, with each bringing its own set of advantages and disadvantages. • More comeback mechanisms in the jungle While counterjungling will remain a viable strategy, the jungler who is behind will now have more ways to get back into the game. (Some) Preseason jungling changes: Here are some of the changes we are planning. • We’ll be adding an extra camp near blue buff and the wolf camp. By adding another camp, players can add some diversity to jungle routes and farm more resources. The extra camp creates further tradeoffs between ganking and farming the jungle because it’ll now be more challenging to keep the jungle clear. Besides that, the camp adds one more lever for us to balance area-of-effect vs. single target junglers. The additional camp also equalizes the number of camps on the north and south side of the map, bringing the blue and purple sides of the map a little more into balance. • Jungle monsters will scale with champion levels Monsters will now have a ‘level’ that’ll be determined each time they spawn. This level will scale according to the average level of champions in the game. Bonus experience will be doled out if jungle monsters are a higher level than the champion killing them. By introducing dynamic scaling and varying rewards on monster kills we’re aiming to encourage jungle farming as a viable playstyle. The varying rewards will act as a comeback mechanic and an incentive for allies to leave monsters to players who are a bit behind in the game. With the extra camp, poaching becomes less detrimental to junglers and remains a feasible way for laners to claw back an advantage in their matchup. • More gold flow options for junglers No specifics today, but we’re looking to pour a little more gold into junglers’ pockets. We’re exploring the idea of tying additional gold income to things like jungler-specific items instead of Smite. This idea and having more reliably scaling monsters should increase gold flow for junglers. Again, these are a few of the changes we’ve got planned for the jungle. We’re looking forward to seeing how everyone adapts and even more excited to see how the jungler position evolves in the new season!" http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/10...preseason.html Then there's the Nasus visual rework. http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/10...new-stick.html Lookin' good, Nasus. 

 Big Dawg lookin' good. The only good ways I see to increase gold flow to junglers and supports is to make items they actually need/want that aren't going to be beneficial to carries have gold generation, like they did with HoG before removing it and making philo stone's progression worthless. Just making the jungle itself more valuable or adding camps aren't going to improve things for the junglers. I dunno, maybe it'll work out better than it sounds, but it really doesn't sound like a solution at the moment. 

 New Nasus looks good. All those pointy parts, the teeth...looks vicious. Too bad Renekton looks so [relatively] good, because I'd love to see his default and other skins get updates, because atm his rune wars skin is the only decent looking one imo (I want to see an updated galactic skin most of all -- first skin I ever bought for a champ). The downside to a shiny new Nasus is that there are going to be even more people playing him after the VU is out. so tank much wither wow scare 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 My friend used heimerdinger... He looks more interesting, apparently w is a skillshot and his red turret is just hilairous... idk why. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Got my Pumpkinhead Fiddle, can die happy now. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 When is Riot going to update Sion. Lol. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ When is Riot going to update Sion. Lol. what's a sion 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee what's a sion Meanwhile the chinese art. 10/10 would play  Spoiler 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 What's wrong with sion? He's pretty much a shaco... you either do really well, or really poorly. I finally have the best skin in the game! I will never play blitzcrank ever again! 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured What's wrong with sion? This is what's wrong: He's pretty much a shaco... you either do really well, or really poorly. Feast or famine is not a good way to balance a character. He's also thematically confused, what with being a giant dude with an axe who is at his best when he's rubbing against you with his magical shield. RIOT has stated that if/when they rework him he'll be more true to his visual theme, a big dude who will wreck your face with an axe. 

 Riot- So Setsunah, you like these Harrowing sales -Yeah! Riot- lemme just toss in another skin sale 
 Oh my god, so cute! 

 I actually used to love playing Sion because in normals/low ELO he's so ridiculously strong. All you gotta do is build straight AP with a fairly early Zhonya's and you've got a terrifying midgame roaming force. 
 Mejai's & mobos Sion op 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai He's also thematically confused, what with being a giant dude with an axe who is at his best when he's rubbing against you with his magical shield. RIOT has stated that if/when they rework him he'll be more true to his visual theme, a big dude who will wreck your face with an axe. Lol... There are quite a few champions that don't match their visuals. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Infernal Nasus 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 That is ****ing beast. 
 I missed early season 3 changes but was there a reason they completely removed the season 2 rework in the interim between 2-3? The season 2 change of letting camps bank up gold/experience seems very similar to the "new" scaling jungle. Its' funny but since I started jungling again I'm almost right back to season 1 status, clearing blue/red and invading off it to prevent the other jungler from a full-clear level 4. Which they got rid of back in the day because Riot felt like the jungle was too strong, and that invades were too snowbally. Seems like everything has changed but we're shifting right back to farming stronger camps for gold, which is hilarious because forcing junglers to gank to provide more "lane action" was the entire mantra of season 2. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
