http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159514-Do-you-practice-any-sports
 Do you practice any sports?
 Hey guys ! Sports is a good way of achieving healthiness on almost every aspect of your life. In the physical sphere, by exercising you are burning calories, increasing your bone and muscle mass. A stronger heart pumps blood more effectively and stronger lungs extract more oxygen from the air you breathe. The feeling of well-being is a natural drug your brain secretes after exercising. Serotonin, melatonin and dopamin are very effective against depression, insomnia and low self-esteem. Being part of a sports team is a great way of socializing. tl;dr - Sports are absolutely awesome. So...Do you guys practice any sports? If yes, on what level do you practice it? Amateur, competitively? At what frequency? If not, do you wish you were practicing any? Or is there any sports that you like despite not practicing? On my end, I've tried many many different sports during my childhood. Swimming, fencing, tennis, table tennis, basket ball, archery are only a few examples. Two distinct sports have molded me into the man I am today. Baseball Yes, this is an actual sports ! I have played baseball for 8 years before quitting because of an injury. I used to be opening pitcher and short-stop (and 2nd at-bat). What is so magic about baseball is the teamwork. A team cannot win if it does not act as one. Every single members are important. What if the ball goes past the 3rd base? The fielder must be there to block the ball. A runner on third base with one out? Sacrifice fly to the right field to ensure the run. Badminton The most popular sport world-wide with soccer (football). I started playing badminton 8 years ago and I've never got bored of it. Even though I love team spirit, the one-on-one duels badminton brings is appealing me (I am a single player, I don't really like doubles and mixed). To perform, you need a good stamina, to be agile and to master a good technique...But you also need wit. If you can outwit your opponent, the game is surely won. And you, what sports do you practice? 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 I practice archery with classic recurve and long bows. Unfortunately, I can only shoot with low draw weights. 30lbs is the most I can manage. I also dabble in a bit of table tennis at work. It is certainly not as intensive as the regular tennis. My reflexes are terrible, though. I am an amateur at both since I do not practice or play often. Originally Posted by Deveruchi Badminton The most popular sport world-wide with soccer (football). This information amazes me since I never ever hear about it around here. 
 Last edited by Sakiya Rumei; 12-30-2014 at 03:12 PM. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I practice basketball in a club. Im pretty good at it too I need a little more to be able to dunk. I hope to reach a professional level when I get a little older. 
 Nope haven't done any since I was In school. But that was just stuff in class not after school. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Went swimming laps on Monday ! It has been ages since I last swam. So long that I almost sank. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I do play soccer at college level. I do not intend to play pro but it feels good to be attached to one kind of sport or another. Its an easy way to make new friends in a not so familiar environment. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Well i've been playing High School football for the past 3 years and i intend on playing when i get to college. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 I'm currently a lacrosse player in highschool and I also played football for 9 years. I really just stopped playing football because I got tired of it. As for lacrosse I absolutely love it but i won't play past highschool. I think sports are a great way to achieve something greater then you thought you could achieve. Even though I get bruised a lot in lacrosse I think pain is a way to make me realize that you need to sacrifice in life to get things. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo Even though I get bruised a lot in lacrosse I think pain is a way to make me realize that you need to sacrifice in life to get things. I don't know if your team thinks this way, but for us, bruises are like battle scars. That means you gave yourself to your maximum, despite the danger and that you endured pain for your team's victory. That's awesome. ^^ 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 Originally Posted by Deveruchi I don't know if your team thinks this way, but for us, bruises are like battle scars. That means you gave yourself to your maximum, despite the danger and that you endured pain for your team's victory. That's awesome. ^^ I guess you can look at it that way. I just love lacrosse because its something I can try my best at it no matter what happens. We have a pretty good team for the most part and it's something that's a lot greater then just a sport. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I'll agree with that. It is like a second family. It's hard not to try your best when you feel you can rely on your teammates. I wish you the best for your future matches. 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 In a word, yes. Running long distances. I swam competitively for 7 years, then got bored of it. Kind of wish I had kept going now. Fencing looks cool. There's nothing interesting about my running long distances. I recognise it as a sport of the purest form, but some people just don't appreciate it. Either way, I don't do it inter competitively. Running is a competition with your mind and bringing other minds into it just ruins that statement. I suppose I enjoy running and swimming because they're solitary activities? I don't know. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 I play football (soccer). I play for my school team and a sunday league. 

 Sorry not sports girl;P 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I don't really play any organized sports, but I think if I ever got into anything it might be either swimming or volleyball 'cause I try to swim laps on the weekends at the local pool and volleyball is just fun haha. I workout n stuff though to stay in good shape, lifting weights and cardio and all that. 
 Used to play basketball competitively, but then teared right knee's patella twice and left knee's patella once or the other way, can't remember. Anyways total 3 teared patellas that made me basically not able to run/jump for total of 1,5 year pretty much did it for me. Now with relatively healthy knee's and recovering from mychoplasm I'll try to start basketball again a bit, but doubt that I can make much out of it anymore. Will still play as hobby though and probably focus more into coaching that I started doing when I was injured. Besides that I always love any sport that I can get my hands into. Have been skateboarding with friends for few years, also try to get to play some icehockey whenever I get change(used to play it from 5-12 years old) and otherwise too I like most sports. Also always go to gym to keep in shape and sometimes best feeling is just to go running alone with music(or well it will be when I can breath normally again). 
 Billiards, badminton, table tennis and Karate (whut, are those even sports? hahaha). I tried playing basketball but it did not suit my taste and it became my biggest regret ever. Volleyball is a pain while soccer, I can manage that sometimes. I practice sports but not competitively. Amusingly, I always get to be a facilitator for the last three mentioned games. I wonder why. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 Not at the moment or anytime soon. However, when I was in middle school and high school I played basketball, soccer, tennis, and softball. 
 I'm not practicing any sports at the moment. I used to swim 3 years ago, then I didn't have time anymore, so I stopped. 
 I'm a professional in sofa-riding! :P Talking seriously... I go footing three times a week, it's very important for me. Even if it's raining or snowing it doesn't matter! When I finish running, after the shower, I feel very well. When I don't go running I easily feel in a bad mood. Does it appen also to you when you don't do sport? 
 I play baseball in an independent men's league. Basically a league for those of us who for one reason or another didn't go pro or didn't stick it out in the minors. I knew I'd never make it professionally but I love the game and I'm not ready to give it up just yet. I play outfield and I pitch although I was a second baseman prior to that. I took a line drive to the eye last season playing first base and even though I'm not that old I've given up playing the infield to the younger guys on the team. The main problem is that my brain doesn't seem to understand that my body doesn't move quite as quickly as it did before haha. I still love it though, I'll keep on playing until I can't do it anymore. It definitely makes me respect the guys who are playing professionally in their late 30's and early 40's. Knowing how hard of a time I'm having now I can't even begin to imagine how hard those guys have to be working to still play at the major league level at that age. 
 I been playing tennis for the last 5 years, its what I am best at! 

 While I'm haven't really done much since I left school, I do like to go running every now and again. 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 I do some jogging but thats about it lol, I like eating so I gotta burn off calories somehow xD 
 I have played basketball most of my life and managed to grab a state title in high school! I play when I get the chance I pretty good. I currently play volleyball and flag football competitively during spring and summer it's always fun to compete! 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
