http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?146812-LF-something-deep-emotional-action
 LF something deep, emotional, action
 Hi im looking for something that is very deep and emotional. it would be nice if there is action, but not necessary. the darker the better. alot of twists and turns would be nice too. i need something that has a deep, emotional response with characters that you get attached to and relate to. please nothing that is childish. here is what i have seen http://myanimelist.net/animelist/Nickoliah123 
 This is a easy one. Inuyasha+Inuyasha the Final act is exactly what you're looking for, down to the letter. A secondary pick for what you want, would be Kemono no Souja Erin(you can watch it on Crunchyroll, as It's very unlikely, you'll find a copy to buy), the anime takes liberties to make it family friendly, but this anime was definitely not made for kids, I don't want to give examples, as such would be major spoilers, but the liberties they took, don't take away from the emotional feel, and dark overtone of the series. The only thing is, there Isn't much action in Kemono no Souja Erin, but I highly doubt anyone who watches this anime, to mind one bit. I wrote a overview/review here if you want: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-no-Souja-Erin 
 Code Geass ( like DeathNote ) Casshern Sins ( something deep and meaningful, prospective on death ) Chaos Head ( Something Dark ) Katanagatari ( character relative ) Btoom ( character relative ) Fate Zero ( good character depth ) Gantz ( dark and mysterious ) A Dark Rabbit has Seven Lives ( sorta dark ) c3 ( sorta dark ) 

 Eureka 7 has great characters to connect to. Pretty emotional. Not so much dark but has its own pretty deep moments and cliff hanging episodes. Lots of cool action too 
 Originally Posted by Fishking Eureka 7 has great characters to connect to. Pretty emotional. Not so much dark but has its own pretty deep moments and cliff hanging episodes. Lots of cool action too This this this this this. It's 50 episodes long and each character has a great story to tell (kinda like FMA). You really feel as though you are watching the main character grow throughout the series. Honestly watching this made it feel like some sort of adventure. This was one of my first animes and still in my top 3 today. 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 Trigun and Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann are great series with a nice mix of action, humor, and emotionally jarring moments. Also, if you are looking for an amazing anime that is a real emotional roller coaster, I can't recommend Tokyo Magnitude 8.0 enough. 
★★★★★★★★★★★ ismycomputeron.com
 If you are looking for a Manga I would say Sun-ken rock. It has too many twist for that matter. 
  Spoiler 
