http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158832-Naruto-698
 Naruto 698
 

 AHAHAHA Well everyone, Naruto one again thanks to his talk-no-jutsu 
 It was a tie but naruto finally seemed to get through to sasuke, hopefully. If the movie is about sasuke going bad again, I'll be so pissed. But I thought that was a decent chapter. Can't believe the nine tails is dead now 
 It was literal garbage I'm vomiting into my own mouth and it's preferable to reading that chapter 

 I really hate it when they go back and try to re-write the older, better chapters in a vain attempt to make all this make any sense at all. 
 I loved this chapter!! SO Many FEELS!! Finally Sasuke back! I just Hope Sakura doesn't destroy everything with appearing next chapter.... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean It was literal garbage I'm vomiting into my own mouth and it's preferable to reading that chapter This is satire right? This is by FAR the best chapter in Naruto in a very VERY long time and quite possibly the best chapter in shipuuden, aside from maybe the 8 gates chapters of whooping Madara. The very last panel on this is what made the chapter most of all. Both of their freaking arms got blown off and both of them bleeding out. Chapter and the ending makes perfect sense for Sasuke to turn good. Plus it fits perfectly in with Naruto's Anti War and forgiveness message. Sasuke bleeding outward, having absolutely nothing left along with Naruto as well. Going back over and rethinking the friendship they had/have and how their life has added up to where it is now. It is quite endearing that something like this would finally occur. I cannot wait to see the final two chapters and see how it ends. I am wondering if in the movie, that they will get their arms back? I doubt they have regereate limb jutsus. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox I cannot wait to see the final two chapters and see how it ends. I am wondering if in the movie, that they will get their arms back? I doubt they have regereate limb jutsus. naruto did give kakashi his eye back but im not really sure what that jutsu was or how it works. i hope they do get their arms back so they are OP in the movie 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 naruto did give kakashi his eye back but im not really sure what that jutsu was or how it works. i hope they do get their arms back so they are OP in the movie I just hope Sakura doesn't get part in that... Useless characters should stay useless and don't get in the way of Gods. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I dont want them to have arms again. I think the arms should stay gone. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox This is satire right? This is by FAR the best chapter in Naruto in a very VERY long time and quite possibly the best chapter in shipuuden, aside from maybe the 8 gates chapters of whooping Madara. The very last panel on this is what made the chapter most of all. Both of their freaking arms got blown off and both of them bleeding out. Chapter and the ending makes perfect sense for Sasuke to turn good. Plus it fits perfectly in with Naruto's Anti War and forgiveness message. Sasuke bleeding outward, having absolutely nothing left along with Naruto as well. Going back over and rethinking the friendship they had/have and how their life has added up to where it is now. It is quite endearing that something like this would finally occur. I cannot wait to see the final two chapters and see how it ends. I am wondering if in the movie, that they will get their arms back? I doubt they have regereate limb jutsus. Booooo bad chapter, still no good chapters in a long time They both lost their arms but awwwwww they are holding bloody limbs.. so sweet 
 They say that some things will cost you an arm and a leg. Apparently, Naruto and Sasuke's friendship checked off one of those. An end to the fight with the result being a draw. Of course, Naruto does one final "I'm here for you bro" thing and Sasuke seems to finally snap out of his Uchiha emo phase. One question: if both are so exhausted and can't move or they'll bleed out, who the f*ck is gonna dispel Infinite Tsukuyomi? 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Originally Posted by Game Over One question: if both are so exhausted and can't move or they'll bleed out, who the f*ck is gonna dispel Infinite Tsukuyomi? Enter Sakura? 
 Ya Sakura will heal them enough so sasuke can end that jutsu. 
 Yeah... I thought it was a bad chapter too. Actually, the whole Naruto and Sasuke complex is bad in general. What exactly was the point of fighting if Sasuke was ready to give up so easily? Clearly, he was just being stubborn. So lame. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Just caught up with the manga, read 20 some chapters, and love the ending it's going towards...just hope the movie is about naruto and Hinata falling in love cause I don't really like Sakura all that much, and we get some closure on Sasuke, Tsunade etc. The one thing I don't get though, is why the hell they would stop now the main characters are finally adult and they can finally get into some character development. I mean I've heard this little blonde kid spouting the same I wanna be Hokage nonsense for 10 years now, and we will never know if that'll happen...I mean the f 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Don't give them any ideas! 
 I bet kishi fails on his next manga and goes dragonball GT style with naruto...I wouldn't be opposed, I like waking up to a naruto manga once a week. It's not the best manga but I like seeing some crazy OP ninja ****. I don't get all the hate 
 There's a lot of good reasons to hate on this book. 
