http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152462-knock-knock
 knock knock
 Hey everyone, con here... What's everyone doing? This sure looks like a great place..woohoo! 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
 Welcome to A4! I'm doing good. What's your favorite anime? Enjoy the Forums. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Thanks Dragnight44.. Favorite anime(*): One Piece*, Death Note, Rurouni Kenshin, Hellsing, Hajime No Ippo etc... Fav. Manga: Berserk*, Uzumaki, Bloody Monday, Monster, Vagabond...etc About to watch: Fairy Tail What's yours? 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
 If you like One Piece you should like Fairy Tail. But yep. I see a few of my favorites in your list. My favor its are Katekyo Hitman Reborn, Fairy Tail, One Piece, Death Note, Code Geass, FMA. Etc. Lol. Glad you joined up on the Forum! Hope you stick around! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Welcome to A4, yeah if you like one piece then you will most likely like Beelzebub but enjoy it here on the forums 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome. You like monster, I like you. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 lol. Hi there, Con. I like your introduction title. Anyway, welcome to A4!!! 
 
 Woohoo.. warm welcomes @Dragnight44: Glad to be here. Yeah I'm liking Fairy Tail, watched 4 episodes, seems like it started pacing. Also started watching ' Trigun' and "History's Stongest Disciple Kenichi"; loving how realistic (fights wise) that Kenichi anime is. Even learned 2-3 tricks from it lol. That Hitman anime is also in my to be watched list. I still miss One Piece though; waiting for new manga and anime is painful; usually watch a whole season, without much breaks. Those characters are too solid, maybe it's cause they nurtured with love hehe. Only problem is there're a season worth of filler episodes. Only good thing is this is not going to end in this decade. There're so much to be done by Luffy and gang. And the anime movie "one piece x toriko x dragon ball z" didn't make much sense; but loved the new 'One Piece Z' flick ..Ta for the recommendations. @ Solo: Thanks friend. I'll deffo check out Beelzebub. Just looked it up, one of the characters looks like a miniature Zoro (marimo lol) @Pured: Thanks you. @Rissa: hehe... Thanks. Which samurai/swordsman anime you guys like the most? (except.. 'Rurouni Kenshin') 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
 The guy in your avatar looks derp derp derpy. 
 Woohoooo! \m/ Welcome to A4 . Lol that avatar The great perv ONIZUKA 
 Nice nick! 
 Thanks guys...I love you all too... (: 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
