http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138311-Whalecum
 Whalecum
 Hi I'm new here, basically created an account because I'm looking for allot of long lost anime. I used to watch allot of anime as a kid and I can't recall the names of them all, I hope to find them to enjoy them again, hoping it'll be a nostalgic experience. I like allot of older anime like MKR and Shamanic Princess like 80's 90's but I also like some newer anime; Inuyasha and One Pieces. Princess Mononoke is my favorite anime movie of all time, the anime that lead me to anime. 
 Interesting way you spelled welcome. Anyways Welcome! Nostalgia happens a lot around here as we have many topics on classic anime & VG'S so you'll find it easy around here. You'll maybe find some later or more recent anime to enjoy. Btw is your username Aztec?..if so, nice. Enjoy your stay. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Been a while since I've heard someone say Shamanic Princess. Welcome to A4 there should be a forum around here for old school anime if I remember right. Enjoy your stay! 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Thanks guys ^^ Btw is your username Aztec?..if so, nice. "Divine Mushroom" according to wikipedie Been a while since I've heard someone say Shamanic Princess. I have drawings from years ago :P still love it. 
 If you don't mind I'd like to ask your age. I remember drawing it around 14 or so lol wow ten years ago... I'm 24 now. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 I'm 23 ^^ 13 sounds about right. 
 Welcome to the forum Hope you find what you're looking for! 
Fawxii Original 
 It's not Aztec, the name of the language is Nahuatl. Acording to the mythology of the people of the valley of Mexico, the God Quetzalcoatl liked to use (get high with) these mushrooms. I know a thing or two about their mythology and history... someone should make an anime about a pre-hispanic culture of Latin America. Anyway... Welcome to A4 my friend. Stay active. 
 "I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is pricked, seekin what will transmit The scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable"
 I came here for the whale cum. But all I got was you. Anyway, welcome. I hope you like anime. It's good for the heart: 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Thank you for the welcomes, wish I could provide the whale cum via the internet ;P It's not Aztec, the name of the language is Nahuatl. They say you learn something new everyday haha Ketzalkoatl is interesting but I think someone should make an anime about the magic of hallucinogenic substances. 
 MaDeByMe 
 Whalecum to A4! Have fun ^_^ 

 Thank you! =] Cool sig 
 MaDeByMe 
 You... might not be so bad but for now I will hate you. 
 I bet that's what you say to all the newbies 
 MaDeByMe 
 ^Actually, that's part of Proto's charm. Since we figured out your "Magical" name and your interesting fetish for whale milk. Have fun @ the forums! PS: They should definitely get that Pre-Columbian era anime going. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 No usualyl I just hate them and don't give them hope... you I give hope. 
 Very charming, thank you both =] 
 MaDeByMe 
 Ooooohhhhhhh right, "Welcome"... See, I thought it was a semi-cryptic abstract statement about Japans whaling system and how the Japanese government endorses and continues to whale through some misguided sense of justice and self privilege because Whales eat fish and rather than attempt to take an actual holistic, intelligent or appropriate action towards maintaining the fish populations of the ocean (which was largely due to their own marks at over-fishing) under the pedantic albeit well-justified guise that it is their culture or something about scientific research... Where was I going with this... Oh right, welcome. Welcome to A4. Have a nice time. Persoannly I think you've missed the wave but hey, better late than never right? 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 You seem to be deeply concerned about whaling in Japan xD What kind of wave did I miss? Thank you for your warm welcome =] 
 MaDeByMe 
 LOL don't mind zombie, he's a chatterbox. Welcome to A4. Btw, Hank hates everyone, but he loves me. I know he has a soft spot somewhere in his tiny little heart. I hope you find the anime that you are looking for. Have you seen the rest of the Studio Ghibli collection. If you love Princess Mononoke, I recommend watching some of the others like Howl's Moving Castle and Spirited Away. There's about 18 films in the collection. Ocean waves is the only one of what I've watched so far that's pretty crappy imo. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 What can I say Shannon I love 400lbs basement dwelling men 
 ProtoManX = Hank? He doesn't seem all that bad xD I actually found the anime I was looking for at Anime Nation ^^ It's called Iczer Girl Iczelion or just Iczelion for short I guess. I thought it was really good at the time and still do as I've watched the eng sub/jap dub just recently. Almost ten years later... haha... I'm kind of sad that it didn't gain allot of popularity as there are only 2 episodes =[ Hayao Miyazaki FTW I've seen (including mononoke): Howl's Moving Castle Castle In The Sky Spirited Away Ponyo Naisicaa of the Valley of the Wind My Neighbor Totoro & Kiki's Deliver Service Tales From Earthsea looks good, I might have to watch it sooner or later. My favorite of the ones I've seen is Princess Mononoke though, hands down. Naisicaa of the Valley of the Wind and Spirited Away are my second and third favorite. 
 MaDeByMe 
 Welcome... =^_^= 
