http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?148905-Final-Fantasy-14-A-Realm-Reborn
 Final Fantasy 14 A Realm Reborn
 | Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn (Japanese: ファイナルファンタジーXIV: 新生エオルゼア, Hepburn: Fainaru Fantajī Fōtīn: Shinsei Eoruzea, lit. Final Fantasy XIV: Reborn Eorzea) is an upcoming massively multiplayer online role-playing game for Microsoft Windows personal computer, Sony PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4. It is currently being developed by Square Enix's Product Development Division 3, with Naoki Yoshida as producer and director, and is scheduled to be released worldwide on August 27, 2013. The game will support Japanese, English, French, and German at its release. Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn takes place in the fictional land of Eorzea, five years after the events of the original release. At the conclusion of Final Fantasy XIV, the primal dragon Bahamut escapes from its prison inside an artificial moon to initiate the Seventh Umbral Era, an apocalyptic event which destroys much of Eorzea. Through the gods' blessing, the player character escapes the devastation by time traveling five years into the future. As Eorzea recovers and rebuilds, the player must deal with the impending threat of invasion by the Garlean Empire from the north. The original Final Fantasy XIV was released in September 2010 to widespread criticism. As a result of this negative reception, Square Enix President Yoichi Wada announced that a new team, led by Yoshida, would take over development of the title. This team was responsible for generating content for the original version as well as developing a brand new game which would address all of the previous release's criticisms. Initially dubbed "Version 2.0", Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn features a new engine, improved server structures, revamped gameplay and interface, and a new story. The alpha test concluded on December 27, 2012 and the third phase of beta testing began on June 14th, 2013. The fourth and final phase of beta testing is expected to begin one to two weeks following the conclusion of phase three. Anyone else really excited for this? I love online games and this just freaking made my month, the remade the entire crappy game into something that has really caught my interest. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I gotta admit, It looks great. I wish they would have shown some more fighting though other than that one scene. Other than that, the game looks beautiful. Sucks there is no Xbox release. Eye iz dissssapoint. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 The fighting is identical to WoW. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 The music really got me shot back to the early days damn it Square Enix! 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 This atleast shows they put effort into the 3D mapping, not the best by any means, but way better then any "Square" has don'e in the past, however I do see a very possible flaw, the maps seem to be super linear. However who cares about the maps at this point, going by Squar's atrocious rep with MMO mechanins, what people really need to see, is how the xp/enemy systems work, and if It's easy/fast to get to places(hopefully there will be many more teleportation points/the char don't take 20 damn min to walk from one side of the map to the other). Rather it sucks or ends up "actually" being good(doubtful), I'll be reluctant to even try it out, I have no faith in Square, and they have yet to make a good MMO(not to mention, for me to pay a actual sub, it better be something truly amazing,where I'll want to play it every day). Also Square better not have that policy again, where if you don't play for a few months, they delete your account(WTF no matter how great a MMO is, you'll need to take a decent sized break once in awhile, so this type of a policy is a epic fail to say the least). Furthermore, Square better stick with this(making expansions, and such), and never have plans to make another FF based MMO(When people devote time into a MMO, they want to feel secure in the fact that X MMO will be supported/ever expanding for many years to come). 
 So... you're giving your absolute opinion on something that already literally disproved just about 90 to 100% of your post? The maps are not that linear at all, many of them are massive open worlds and some of them are smaller chunks. But they're all instances that are shared between servers. You have the potential to run into players who are on a completely separate server from you (this is to help accommodate populations in lower level areas). The EXP System is, you kill a monster, you get EXP. You click on a monster, you auto attack. You press buttons, a skill happens. When a skill happens, you press another skill in a combo'd fashion to produce additional effects such as binding, blinds and buffs. Square Enix has already made 3 successful MMOs (Final Fantasy XI, Cross Gate, Dragon Quest X). Final Fantasy XIV 1.0 just happens to be the only failure they have had in this front. Final Fantasy XI continues to maintain an extremely healthy number of players who continue to pay month after month, year after year. Many of which are partaking in the new expansion as we speak. While they may not produce the same numbers as EVE Online or World of WarCraft, managing a steady 200,000 to 400,000 players on a subscription is hugely successful. Square Enix has LONG abolished the character deletion system... like... back in 2005. It's 2013 now dude. In fact, if you even played or even read about Final Fantasy XIV, that system was never in play at all... I have no idea where you're going with your last bit. Square Enix has been supporting Final Fantasy XI with new expansions for the last 10+ years... they even released their latest one on the PS2. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by Shian So... you're giving your absolute opinion on something that already literally disproved just about 90 to 100% of your post? The maps are not that linear at all, many of them are massive open worlds and some of them are smaller chunks. But they're all instances that are shared between servers. You have the potential to run into players who are on a completely separate server from you (this is to help accommodate populations in lower level areas). The EXP System is, you kill a monster, you get EXP. You click on a monster, you auto attack. You press buttons, a skill happens. When a skill happens, you press another skill in a combo'd fashion to produce additional effects such as binding, blinds and buffs. Square Enix has already made 3 successful MMOs (Final Fantasy XI, Cross Gate, Dragon Quest X). Final Fantasy XIV 1.0 just happens to be the only failure they have had in this front. Final Fantasy XI continues to maintain an extremely healthy number of players who continue to pay month after month, year after year. Many of which are partaking in the new expansion as we speak. While they may not produce the same numbers as EVE Online or World of WarCraft, managing a steady 200,000 to 400,000 players on a subscription is hugely successful. Square Enix has LONG abolished the character deletion system... like... back in 2005. It's 2013 now dude. In fact, if you even played or even read about Final Fantasy XIV, that system was never in play at all... I have no idea where you're going with your last bit. Square Enix has been supporting Final Fantasy XI with new expansions for the last 10+ years... they even released their latest one on the PS2. All his posts are like this, just ignore him. I'm in the closed beta servers are open this weekend/for a bit. This game is fun, im worried about how long it will last though. Shian is right it basically is just WoW with a FF skin, a -really- nice skin. When the novelty of FF wears off idk how this game will fare. I am having trouble figuring out anything at all thats unique to this game...oh I know one. The sub fee. Really disapointed in the fact there will be a sub fee for this game, might really take me away from playing it beyond a month. The content better be good at end game and from what I hear it will be. I havent had a chance to see any dungeons or huge party gameplay aside from the FATES ( open world zerg fests) so i'll wait to see whats up with that. All in all, i'm having fun though. A lot of charm is in this game that the other iteration lacked. Lot's of nods to FF of course and the music is great. Visually its good and the UI is heavily improved. If you can snag a beta code do it, it's fun to try 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 I've played the game since it's Alpha launch during 1.0. You can see my character here: http://lodestone.finalfantasyxiv.com...cicuid=1297294 http://lodestone.finalfantasyxiv.com...d=1297294&p=17 First 50 Archer on the server on November 20th, 2010 (1 month after release). For 2.0, I've been off and on it and it's a huge improvement, but the game still has some problems... like, the animations are still a bit wonky, but... I guess WoW was like that too. (I can't remember, it's been over 5 years since I had last played). I haven't been playing the beta as much mostly because it isn't saving data yet. My character is already in the game and I got to run around on my Bard, but at the moment, any content I do isn't stored so I don't have a lot of motivation to play other than to learn the classes and skills (they're all different now). I'll be playing Bard and Paladin for my Free Company but even that may be moot until a month or two after the August launch. Square Enix only has content to about Level 30 right now. By launch, they may have level 40 Content, but no end content just yet. But it may be for the best because we have to do a lot of quest to unlock the Crystal Tower and stuff, so giving us time to prep would be great. EDIT: Think of the game as a faster paced Final Fantasy XI, if you loved FFXI but didn't have the patience to level a character up to max level over the course of like 4-5 months, you could get a max character on FFXIV 2.0 in less than a week. The game emphasizes PvE and NOT wasting your time as much as it can. But for the harder content like Crystal Tower, you'll have to pull your weight. Also, to add to my previous post, traveling involves mounts, airships, boats and the use of aetheryte crystals. You bind to an Aetheryte Crystal and Shards to remember locations, then you spend a little bit of gil to instantly teleport to locations you've remembered or have bound to. There are no flight paths except for the Airship between cities. In the previous version, you used Anima (you only get 100 points that regenerates 6 over an hour) which costs 3 for the zone you're in, 6 for a zone you're not in, free for a place you have bound to, 2 for a favorite location in the same zone. It takes nearly 20 minutes to walk from one end of the map to the other (there were 5-6 major maps). If you had no anima, it can take literally an hour to get from one city to the other on foot. I ended up purchasing an additional copy of the game for cheap ($6) and using the free period to teleport around and spreading my Anima between two characters because traveling took too long. In 2.0, I walked from one corner of the world to the other in 15 minutes. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by Shian So... you're giving your absolute opinion on something that already literally disproved just about 90 to 100% of your post? The maps are not that linear at all, many of them are massive open worlds and some of them are smaller chunks. But they're all instances that are shared between servers. You have the potential to run into players who are on a completely separate server from you (this is to help accommodate populations in lower level areas). The EXP System is, you kill a monster, you get EXP. You click on a monster, you auto attack. You press buttons, a skill happens. When a skill happens, you press another skill in a combo'd fashion to produce additional effects such as binding, blinds and buffs. Square Enix has already made 3 successful MMOs (Final Fantasy XI, Cross Gate, Dragon Quest X). Final Fantasy XIV 1.0 just happens to be the only failure they have had in this front. Final Fantasy XI continues to maintain an extremely healthy number of players who continue to pay month after month, year after year. Many of which are partaking in the new expansion as we speak. While they may not produce the same numbers as EVE Online or World of WarCraft, managing a steady 200,000 to 400,000 players on a subscription is hugely successful. Square Enix has LONG abolished the character deletion system... like... back in 2005. It's 2013 now dude. In fact, if you even played or even read about Final Fantasy XIV, that system was never in play at all... I have no idea where you're going with your last bit. Square Enix has been supporting Final Fantasy XI with new expansions for the last 10+ years... they even released their latest one on the PS2. First of all, you don't see much of the open world maps in that now, do you. Second, don't be silly, in FF 11 they had the stupid xp system on a sliding scale, along with the stat's of the enemies in general, you had to be in a party to get any real xp, and taking down just a random chump was a big ordeal. Yes in most MMOs, the xp system is straight forward, but this sure as hell hasn't been the case with Square in the past. Lmfao FF 11 was a broken POS, but the sad thing is the game would've been pretty good, if the most basic of MMO mechanics didn't suck to no end(sigh it took 45m just to travel to a place to start to prepare to train, then you are forced to hunt in a party, so goody must wait atleast another 30m on average to get into a party. The maps were little more then just open fields, yet they were super big, there was only a few teleport points in the entire game, lol which you need to do an annoying quest before you can even use, ect. I paid 150 bucks to play that too(that's what it cost to get the HD, game, and network adapter for the PS2, not to mention you also needed a keyboard, what a waste of money that was. I gave it a good solid chance too, I sticked to it for a full month, the pain, but they never fixed it(it wasn't until the game was pretty dead/forgotten, before they "attempted" to fix some of those flaws. Cross Gate? Never even heard of that game(if It's a Square game, was it even released outside of Japan, because Suare definitely didn't advertise it, if it was released stateside. As far as DQ 10 goes, It's such a new game, you can't even call it a success yet(plus can you even call a MMO a success, if it doesn't even get released in more then one country). Oh good for them, but they never should've had such a feature in the first place, and as far as FF 14 goes, you're being silly again, the original FF 14 basically failed before it went live, so why would anyone be keeping track of the game's details(lol it was so bad, Square felt the need to apologize for how crappy it was, and you know Square, they make a lot of crappy games these days, yet never apologized for making all those POS games, so yea it was bad). The fact they are making another MMO based on FF, is the exact opposite of supporting a MMO, so once in a blue moon they make an expansion, and they keep the servers open, It's clear that Square's focus is gonna be on the new FF MMO, not on expanding the old game. Hmm, that's odd, because a r/l friend of mine kept playing it years after I dropped it(hell he was even one of the higher leveled players), yet he never talked about newer/upcoming expansions(he's how I heard about them adding a patch to attempt to fix the xp system's issues, so yea he played that for a long time), so either they were very few and far between or they were never all that major to beginwith. 
 I'm not sure why you're calling me silly when all I'm pointing out is that almost every flaw you pointed out, they have long corrected or was a non-issue in the first place. I played the game since Alpha. I can tell you how bad the game was. I was the first 50 archer on my server, even that had some terrible results. For example... when you partied with another archer, you got no experience. The experience was also based on a cap action system, the more actions you did, the more exp you got. Again, that was scrapped after 3-4 months of the game's launch. The new director, Yoshida, has been fixing everything the original director had done (Hiromichi of Chrono Trigger/Cross, Xenogears fame) and he took large amounts of efforts to offer a proper Final Fantasy MMO that people had been asking for in the first place. You can say what you will for Final Fantasy XI, but the game was unique and fresh, and it still is honestly. It's the only MMO that didn't copy World of WarCraft and it has a strong and loyal player base because of it. I'm not even a player of that game and I definitely didn't get into it like most people did, but from the time I spent on it, it was extremely enjoyable, except for the part of requiring a party for everything and even that isn't even necessary with EXP Books and stuff now. You can get a capped character in less than a week, 5 times over. As for Cross Gate and Dragon Quest X, I bring that up because they are successes in Asia. Even though they're not released outside that region, they're still huge successes. Just remember, a lot of games made in the US, EU and AU are not popular games in JP. Our games sell millions upon millions and that is considered a break out success. In JP, if a game even breaks 50,000 sold units, that's a success. It's something to pay attention for, especially for FF14 because Yoshi not only has to appeal to NA and EU audiences, they have to captivate the JP audiences too. There will be A LOT of things that clearly does NOT work for our demography, but will for JPs and visa versa. It's also very important to be talking to Yoshi and the development team because a lot of things in the game now is based on player feedback, something Hiromichi failed to capitalize on. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Hmm, that's odd, because a r/l friend of mine kept playing it years after I dropped it(hell he was even one of the higher leveled players), yet he never talked about newer/upcoming expansions(he's how I heard about them adding a patch to attempt to fix the xp system's issues, so yea he played that for a long time), so either they were very few and far between or they were never all that major to beginwith. Your ignorance wears thin. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Final_...ns_and_add-ons Finding that info was not hard. After looking at it, I can speak to the frequency of FFXI expansion releases without looking like a moron. Try it out. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Your ignorance wears thin. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Final_...ns_and_add-ons Finding that info was not hard. After looking at it, I can speak to the frequency of FFXI expansion releases without looking like a moron. Try it out. Why the hell would I look up info on one of the worst MMOs ever made lol? Also I wouldn't trust anything Square would call a expansion(they are the worst company in the entire industry when it comes to nickel, and diming people with "useless" DLC, I can't help but wonder, how not so meaningful these so called expansions are). When real expansions come out for a MMO, there is a lot of talk, and buz around such, yet there was nothing of the sort with FF 11(a huge gaming community whom can't go barely one day without making a FF thread of some kind, never have ever made a FF 11 thread, where they're talking about a new expansion). I find it funny that Square of all companies didn't advertise them at all(a company with a record of over hyping/advertising almost everything, doesn't advertise expansions to a MMO of all things=WTF). Also 5 expansions in like 9 years(according to the wiki, which doesn't even have the release notes posted, so It's hardly a reliable source for MMO info), with very few small content patches inbetween, is not a respectable number, lol that's if any of them are even real expansions to beginwith. To Shian: If that is true, that's awesome, but without any advertisement support from the company, how would anyone know. People that actually care about quality, don't make a habit of tracking the progress of poorly designed games. Woh there, lets not go overboard, there are a bunch of MMOs out there, that didn't copy POS WoW, infact I've played a few myself(hell I'm playing a major one this very second, OMG I love AO) Oh ok(That explains why I never heard of Cross Gate, I only know of DQ 10 because I'm a big fan of the franchise). True However on the other hand, Korean MMOs are very big in all three markets, the US, EU, and Asian markets. Japan just has a very small market for MMOs, so perhaps Japan should atleast try to bring over their MMO(so few Japanese made MMOs are ever released outside of Japan to beginwith, how do they know Japanese MMOs aren't popular outside of Japan, if they virtually never release any). MMOs that are marketed world wide more or less, are ofcourse gonna sell more, and become bigger, MMOs are driven to be more popular a lot of times, for no other reason then how many people are on a server/how well known X MMO is. Hell the only Japanese MMO I can recall in recent years being released outside of Japan is Wizardry Online, which the servers are so crappy(atleast when I tried), the game was unplayable(sigh not a good way to gauge popularity, when your servers are super unstable). Ok, that could go either way, good or bad(lol lets be real, the US market has a lot of WoW players, and CoD drones, so It's hard to warrant trusting FB from a region that has a sub group of people, who just don't care about quality, they play online for nothing more then PvP in most cases), but after the FF 14 outcry, they have no choice really, however fair enough. I still think they should've called this just FF Online or something(FF universe, FF Generations, exc anything But FF 14)though. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 07-06-2013 at 03:07 PM. 
 The real question is why you'd keep posting in threads about topics you clearly aren't informed on. One might begin to think you were simply trolling and weren't actually arguing in good faith, given how poor every single post you've made in this thread has been. 

 I've played the beta a few times now. It's a good game but I have to admit, I'm a bit disappointed. As mentioned before, the combat is very much like WoW. It's not a big deal for me, but I wish they had given some characters voices as well. Maybe I haven't come across anyone with a voice yet, who knows. It didn't really hold my attention very long, but I'm not gonna give up on it just yet. Gonna try a couple other classes and see how I like them. On a side note, most MMOs don't hold my attention too long. 
 The only Reason I'm drawn to this game is because....well........ ITS FINAL FUUCCKIN FANTASY ONLINE!!!! I LOVE THIS SERIES! I have been keeping tabs on this ever since I heard about it, yes I played FF11 and I loved it dearly with my heart and soul. I also heard they were giving out betas for this (Key codes to play) yet I never got one :c Now I cant even buy it for I am too caught up in expenses for my new computer and my new hardware coming in. I also just spent $120 on a new headset since my Krakens broke. Oh the sad sad irony.... Ill play it sometime soon. 
 It was never really a crappy game - thats the point of alphas and betas - having Final Fantasy make an online game is a dream come true (: I can't wait to get around dedicating time to gaming with it >A<! 
 
 Is it going to have a monthly fee? If it doesn't then I'm definitely getting it. The graphics are absolutely stunning.@MsBloodFallenYou actually played the original? Was it actually worth buying? I was interested in it but none of my friends bought it because of the bad reviews it got haha. 
 Anyone playing? My main is named Alita Inverse and is on Midgardsormr. Pop me a tell a4 ppls :O To answer some of your questions Banagher-kun, yes there is a subscription, pretty much the same pricing structure as WoW. This version is WAAAAAY better than the 1.0 version. 
Mood:Bored SHRIMP DOUGHNUTS!
 How much of the interface did they overhaul? The biggest thing that caused me to just outright drop FFXIV and the biggest reason my friends and I all dropped FFXI back in the day, was just the menu system was so unintuitive even for console designed games that it really grated on you as you got into more complex stuff like crafting or endgame content where you had a lot items and such to keep track of. I mean post 2005 its' not unreasonable at all to expect the ability to extensively keymap, or have one button hotkeys for stuff like your inventory... but from what I remember of FFXIV not only was the entire menu system a sprawling mess of branching choices (designed for controllers) but it didn't even have stuff like drag-and-drop which has been core to PC-gaming since like the ****ing 90s. Which I guess you could sort of blame FFXI for since to-date that is the most profitable part of SE so its' no surprise they carbon copied it for FFXIV, except they didn't really bother to update anything like the UI to actually put it on par with most other MMOs on the market. So yeah did SE do a better job tuning it to PC gamers the second time around (god help you if you tried playing original FFXIV without a controller) or was it mostly just them tweaking the gameplay? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
 @Froid They have completely overhauled the game, Its much more WoW like and simple. from what I've heard, gotta ask Shian himself he plays it. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 it's a great game by all means ,I don't think i can stop playing, there is a lot of interesting things in the game The graphics and character just so so cool and the game story fun too does any one playing in phoenix ?? :3 
 
 Originally Posted by •°Salena°• it's a great game by all means ,I don't think i can stop playing, there is a lot of interesting things in the game The graphics and character just so so cool and the game story fun too does any one playing in phoenix ?? :3 Once I finally get my copy (been waiting well over a week now) I'm going to play on Phoenix seeing as a friend of mine also plays there. Really excited and I can't wait, but my luck just likes biting me in the back. When I ordered the site still said they had copies, then a bit after it changed to having to wait 5-10 days... xD 
 
 Bought it for the graphics, my eyes tear up and bleed when I have a small gaming session with FFXIV - on the other hand, gameplay is really, welp, annoying, because it's more like a 'Press and Auto-Cast' which isn't my favourite. I only wish the gameplay was different and relied on your skill to aim ><; 
 
 My character is so sexy! Playing on Hyperion with Shian and another friend of mine 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Ugh, I really want to play this. But my PC definitely won't run it, and I don't think I can justify paying a monthly fee on a PS3 game that I also have to purchase >.> I haven't played an MMO properly in a long time. It looks great, and tons of fun. Need... job... 
