http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154753-Introduction-to-some-forum-features
 Introduction to some forum features
 I was initially going to make this a blog post, but seeing as there isn’t much activity in this section I thought I might as well post this on the main forum. If you have used the forum regularly for the past month or so you're probably not going to find this very useful. This is meant to be a beginner’s guide to some of the most used features on the forum. So if you’re unsure how to get an avatar for your profile, or you’ve been told to use spoilers and don’t have the faintest idea how they work, you’re in the right place. Even some of you veterans might learn something. Some of this might come off as a bit patronizing but that isn’t the intention. I just want to avoid confusion. 1. Your avatar Just how do you get a sweet image next to your post? I have one, the vets have one, that newbie who signed up five minutes ago has one, but you don’t. Let’s fix that. Hover over your “profile” on the top left of the screen and a drop down menu should appear like so, click on “options.” You will then be taken to a new page called “General Settings.” Look down the navigation on the left hand side and under “My Settings” you’ll see “Edit Avatar,” click on it to advance. and then you'll be brought here From this interface you can upload or link to your avatar. Unfortunately at time of writing the generic avatars aren’t available. Keep in mind that there are limits on the size that your avatar can be, so if it is too big it could outright be rejected. To get the most out of your 150 by 250 limit you can re-size an image you found with some image editing software (if you want something simple and free, I'd recommend GIMP.) 2. Editing Made a typo on that last post? Quoted the wrong user? Outright insulted someone and you immediately regret it? Fear not, for you can edit both your posts and your threads! At the bottom of every post and thread that you make you should have these options available. Click on edit to, well edit. After that you will be able to edit your post, with a larger text box. You can also state your reason for editing your post to begin with. Remember, it is against the forum rules to double post, so use this feature if you wish to add something to your post. 3. Videos and images First off, images, click on the image icon located in the post box. And this should pop up, paste the url to you image here click OK and it should show up in your reply. This is also how you add images to your signature. Pretty much the same thing with the videos, click on the video icon. However, your video options are limited, a list of usable sources is provided with the window as shown below. 4. Hyper Linking Not nearly as intense as it sounds. This is the function you use when you want to link to something without dumping a long url. Highlight the text you wish to turn into a link and click on the link button as shown below. Then a window will pop up, the page you want to like to here. After clicking OK your text should look like this. You can also add hyperlinks to images. 5. Quotes and MORE QUOTES! Want to reply to someone’s post so they know what on earth you are on about? Quote em’. These options are at the end of every post. To quote a single user, simply click on “Reply With Quote.” Keep in mind that if you are quoting someone with a very long post it’s a good idea to remove some of the text so you are only quoting the parts you are replying to. As long as the quote markers are still in place (the bits are square brackets) then the quote should still be intact. You can also just type the quote function in yourself like so. There is a multi-quote function if you want to reply to more than one post. Simply click on this icon and it will change to this. Do that for each post you wish to reply to and when you’re finished click on “Reply With Quote” on one of the posts you wish to reply to. But that makes your reply box a bit messy, so click on “Go Advanced” to get more tools, including a preview option which you can use to edit your reply to look nice and tidy. 6. Spoilers and Blackouts These functions allow you to hide your text, so someone doesn’t send you death threats for spoiling the latest episode of Attack on Titan. There are two ways to add spoiler tags, the first of which is typing them in manually like so: Or if you’ve click on “Go Advanced” there is an icon you can click on after you’ve highlighted what you want to put in your spoiler. Both will have the same outcome.  Spoiler Brunce Wayne is Batman With the Blackout tags you have to type them manually. Which results in this: Bruce Wayne is Batman If you are confused as to which one you should use at any given circumstance, consider the length of your spoiler. If it’s just a few words I’d recommend using the Blackout tags, but if your whole paragraph is a spoiler, use the spoiler tag. 
 Last edited by Green Bird; 01-07-2014 at 11:11 AM. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
