http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page9
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 9
 I really love the animation, Ryukou is seriously badass as hell.I found Mako really funny aswell. Really was a great watch and I would 10/10 recommend ! 
 Amazing anime. Ryukou and satsuki are both badass. Art style may deter you to start but you appreciate how amazing it is plus it is very smooth in terms of animation. 
 Very much agreed. Would be better if they trim down the nudists and shining nippes XD 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I personally love the animation style, it is what initially drew me to the anime itself. The first 5 or so episodes were really mediocre for me, it seemed like I had been watching the same episode over and over again. Girl goes to school, fights person, wins or they run away, repeat. It wasn't until episode 6 and 7 that it seemed to perk up a bit, although unfortunately it seems like it is going right back to its previous formula of girl fights someone wins, fights next person. Could use with a little less fan service for the suit though, the first time I saw it I was like, oh come on really? Although it has grown on me a little. I would much more prefer a bad ass style costume then one that is simply there to show as much skin as possible. There are certainly glimpses of awesomeness for sure, and I really hope it gets a little more juicy, but as far as the actual story it is surprisingly meh at least in the way that it is executed. If it doesn't get better I will likley drop this one. 
 Last edited by transpup; 01-27-2015 at 07:18 AM. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/transpup
 The English dub of this is really good. 

 I dropped it around episode 21 or 22. I personally found it kinda boring, and all the ridiculous cliches you'd normally find in a shounen anime just came pouring out like it's meant to be entertaining or something. It didn't try hard enough to top Gurren Lagann, and it certainly wasn't as entertaining as Gurren Lagann, IMO. I know a lot of people ate this anime up pretty quickly, but it just wasn't for me. Maybe I'll give it another try in the future. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 KlaK inflated things to a huge, almost satirical level of what pure action-thriller are. If you can't forgive how blatantly obvious the anime pokes fun at the ecchii, battle, rivalry, etc. themes present in action-thriller films than you probably won't enjoy it anyways. You sat through 20 something episodes and still decided to walk away? Even when the anime itself is only about 25? Um...what you're saying and what you intend on doing seem a bit contradicting to me. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Um...what you're saying and what you intend on doing seem a bit contradicting to me. What I said and what I did. I don't intend on doing anything, since I've already done it; dropping the anime, that is. Originally Posted by Shmuser Name If you can't forgive how blatantly obvious the anime pokes fun at the ecchii, battle, rivalry, etc. themes present in action-thriller films than you probably won't enjoy it anyways. There was actually an article I saw yesterday talking about how Starship Troopers wasn't the 'brilliant satire' everyone praised it for. And I think this validly applies here as well, since the satire wasn't exactly that clever in the first place. If anything, it felt more like a parody than a satire, since a satire should have something meaningful to say, and the stuff in KnK just feels... silly. I don't know. I just didn't feel like continuing the series near the end; it felt kinda 'meh' to me, and I wasn't impressed by it. Maybe the rewatch will change my opinion. 
 Last edited by JohnWolff; 01-13-2015 at 09:16 PM. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 That article was just the views of the author, it's not necessarily over-all agreed fact. As for KlaK, it was definitely a silly parody and should be treated as such, while also respected for the extra work that went in to crafting the plot, the sound, and the animation itself. If you dropped it already, then there's not much I can do about it. I mean, as things picked up with the reveal of the secondary antagonist and the larger plotline, as well as more internal conflict with the protagonist - and you found that as "meh" then that heavily implies it really just isn't for you. 
 I did hear KLK was dubbed a while back. I am far too scared to listen to what horrors await in it. 

 Keep Shinobu's ears pure. 
 I love Kill la Kill and it really reinvigorated my love of anime. 
~Wound
 It's a very funny anime, it makes me laugh a lot! 
 Kill La Kill is really good and awesome. I am soo interested in it and im not usually interested into much :P 

 Originally Posted by JohnWolff I dropped it around episode 21 or 22. I personally found it kinda boring, and all the ridiculous cliches you'd normally find in a shounen anime just came pouring out like it's meant to be entertaining or something. It didn't try hard enough to top Gurren Lagann, and it certainly wasn't as entertaining as Gurren Lagann, IMO. I know a lot of people ate this anime up pretty quickly, but it just wasn't for me. Maybe I'll give it another try in the future. Much agreed. With Kill la kill it was just boring to me. Although the art was amazing I will give it that, every episode felt like I had watched it over and over again. Girl fights villian, girl gets new power, girl wins, rinse and repeat, literally just a long tedious fight scene over and over again. Cliched and lazy. Loved the art direction, loved the character designs, thought the show it self was a huge pile of crap. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/transpup
 I have watched this entire series, and to anybody who is wondering whether or not it's worth it that's really up to you decide. but if you want my opinion on it I would say that the story isn't very far off from naruto's own story line with only having one half of what you need and requiring to find the other half. and quality wise I would say its one of the better animated shows period I like to describe as like almost like a dense very sugary sweet styled motion comic that will suddenly transition into a fully realized beautiful high speed combat scenario and the suddenly a racy almost ecchi/comedy moment all very smoothly to encompass everything that you could desire lol. the characters I would say shine even brighter than that from the main character to the supporting cast kill la kill delivers people you love to love some that you hate to hate. a good story with twists and turns without being to loopy and loosing the original ideas that were first presented. and really powerful emotional moments where the characters flaws are laid out there whether you love them or not and they get handed down their grand punishment and they actually stop and mature (sometimes they don't) and grow in front of your eyes and that really deeply connects you to the soul of the character. so you always end up rooting for that characters goal whether its kinda goofy like sticking up for someones feelings in the midst of a heated battle or something more on the serious end like winning said battle for the sake of the world. but all in all like some other anime I wont mention, its too good to be so short. its 26 episodes and unlike attack on titan its not continued in a manga on some manga scanning site. so its over too soon but you enjoy it while it last. I don't know if that's the best explanation or review that could be given but its the best one I could give. In short if you like girls who are dressed in a skimpy clothes who create massive craters with swings of their swords good whole hearted feelings+ outer space esque cold characters. and some pretty stupid comedy and heroic moments kill la kill is the way to go. I give it a 10/10 
Friends are a good thing, even if they tread a different path."[
 This is funny stuff. I dont like the slow rate of dvr'ing the adult swim feed, but it i free, just have to deal with commercials. No problem for me, folks gotta get paid! Loving this series. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
