http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156177-Seikoku-no-Dragonar-(Dragonar-Academy)
[Comedy] Seikoku no Dragonar (Dragonar Academy)
 Learning to ride and tame dragons comes easy to most students at Ansarivan Dragonar Academy—except for first-year student Ash Blake, who is known by his classmates as the “number one problem child.” Poor Ash is the laughing stock at school because, despite his unfashionably large star-shaped brand that marks him as a future dragon master, he has nothing to show for it. His dragon has never appeared. Until now, that is. One fateful day, Ash's dragon awakes in full glory, but appears different than any dragon ever seen before—in the form of a beautiful girl! What's worse, Ash soon discovers that this new dragon has attitude to spare, as she promptly informs him that she is the master, and he, the servant. Ash's problems with dragon riding have only just begun. Kind of a tough one to classify, as it appears to be a Fantasy Romantic Comedy Harem. I'll warn you that it could be rather ecchi. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Huh Ash why does that name sound do familiar..... I will check it out because it could be interesting 
  Spoiler 
 Is it just a manga or is there a show? Sounds like familiar of zero sort of. If there's a show I'm in. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 It's an anime adaptation of the manga, which just started. First episode is aired already. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned It's an anime adaptation of the manga, which just started. First episode is aired already. Sounds good thanks. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Started off decently enough for me. The ecchi is not over the top gratuitous, like another anime that started this season, but I only saw the first episode. Seems to have a better balance of ecchi and action than most harems (Walkure Romance made me sad about the state of anime) will watch more episodes. 
 I liked it. I've watched the first two episodes so far and it has promise.  Spoiler It seems to be a reverse of familar of zero. In it the familar was a human instead of an animal with magical powers. In dragonar the dragon is in human form and can give the trainer magical powers. Also I think its funny that eco has pink hair just like the main character in familar of zero. Is that a coincidence or are they paying homage to familar of zero? Either way I'm all for it. Bring it on I want more! By the way this is the first time I've followed a "live" series. All of the others I've watched after the series was done. Or at least the whole season was done. Log Horizon and Date A Live were the first that I've seen shortly after they were released. All of the others I've seen weren't "current". So thank you again anime-forums for introducing me to so many great animes. And now I'll be watching current shows rather than older ones. Not that I don't have tons of older ones to go through. But now I can have the fun of watching a new show as it develops rather than plow through a set of twelve or twenty four shows. 
 Is anybody else watching???? I like the magic circles. Reminds me of the ones used in highschool dxd. Rebecca kinda looks like the main lady in dxd too, I'm terrible with names and forget them after the shows.  Spoiler the connection between Eco and ash is a lot like familiar of zero. Its always touching when they sacrice themselves for each other. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I am, Yoda! To be honest, I dislike the show's harem-esque mood its establishing. I'm shipping the princess and Ash so hard, and the show just doesn't want to cut me some slack. Ash better shape up and become a better protagonist imo, then again he can't just be glorified into some sort of Hercules-like demigod badass. My other criticism is: Eco is annoying. Half the female cast is bland. No real plot progression after Ash became the Silver Knight reincarnate, aside from the newest blonde's *****y spotlight. 
 Sorry you don't like it so much shmuser name. I guess I don't over analyze things too much. I pretty much decide in the first show if I stick with a series or not. Remember you don't have to keep watching it if its not for you. I won't be offended. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Sorry you don't like it so much shmuser name. I guess I don't over analyze things too much. I pretty much decide in the first show if I stick with a series or not. Remember you don't have to keep watching it if its not for you. I won't be offended. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk Brah, it's not like I dropped the show. I'm a solid fan! No harm. 
 I am watching this one as well. From the 5 episodes I've seen so far I do like it but, I am a bit confused with the story since im watching 5 other anime that are already out. Will have to watch it all.again when its finished. (Sorry about the bad spelling / grammar before the edit, did that on my phone and it's awkward to go back and change things afterwards) 
 Last edited by Narippo-KatekyoBleachborn; 05-10-2014 at 08:13 AM. 
 Dont really like how the story goes... But imma just watch to nosebleed 

 Huh. Well, Jessica is still ****ing pathetic. Eco and Ash are...pleasantly doing well in their relationship building. I still prefer Silvia over Eco anyhoo for dat shipping. More loli girls...is that a plus or minus? Generic action, but it was still cool. The plot aspect of this episode was alright, Silvia developed. Weak story so far, and I really don't want to just watch this anime to scoff at the ecchi aspect of the show. It's bordering between me dropping it and me watching it fully. Anyone else feel the same? 
 Originally Posted by shmuser name Anyone else feel the same? Nope. I'm a sucker for the magical fighting animes. It's a nice mix of all the ones I like. it's got elements of highschool dxd and familiar of zero and lots of other magical animes that I like. Edit - oh and the newest episode was fun too. I'm sticking to the end. Is this 12/13 or 25/26? 
 lol Eco wet the bed in the shape of a dragon...not a fan of the ****ing tentacles though. *eye roll* Literally bunny-rabbited through the episode. Same old ecchii, same old school life (the kind that is unique to this show about dragons). I'll keep watching, but I'm burned out. I have a shred of shipping left with Silvia and Ash, and the rest is just the harem aspect of the show which keeps me watching. Sure I have a bit of interest with the universe this anime takes place in, but the ecchii is simply overwhelming. 
 I've been enjoying dragonar. Not as much as familar of zero but it's its own unique twist to the magic world. I'm enjoying the characters and the interaction too. Anyone know if its just a 12 episode or 24 epsiode series? 
 According to wikipedia, it is 13 eps long. Season 1 anyway.. Anyone know how its been recieved in Japan/America? Wondering if they will be doing a season 2 as well. 
 Originally Posted by Narippo-KatekyoBleachborn According to wikipedia, it is 13 eps long. Season 1 anyway.. Anyone know how its been recieved in Japan/America? Wondering if they will be doing a season 2 as well. Ok well that's something at least. Maybe somebody else will be able to dig that up. Thanks narippo. 
 *sigh* Yep. Well, I'll stick around just to see if Ash and Silvia get together, or at the least share some form of feelings for each other and expose them. Until then, I'll just eye-roll at the lolis and the sluts. You know they could have some real pulp and passion for the story if it wasn't slathered in god damn ecchii, sexual puns, and other innuendo. I literally give more of a **** of the olive-skinned loli and Silvia than the rest of the cast, even Ash ****ing Blake himself. Y'know what would be awesome, if the mountain clan girl actually betrayed her master and managed to woo our semi-cool hero Ash blake instead of Jess the selfish whore in heat, Silvia the self-righteous tsun, Eco the possessive tsun *****, or the other once decent girls who will likely just fill another slot in this roster after they have been introduced later on. Cool action scene though, when Ash tries to ride Gawain. The eye candy this episode was not very fulfilling, although hawt doe mmmhmm that was some yummy show of skin from them chicks. I'm just not a fan of harems, I don't have the power to just absorb this blatant show of the glories of sex and comedy because my sense of logic will just condemn it all as a really bad joke that keeps going on and on believing that its dramatic, touching or funny WHEN ITS ****ING NOT. However I can appreciate certain things about them while not calling myself a fan. Swallowing my words though, I'll finish this anime just like I did with Walkure Romanze (which was a good harem due to its legitimate drama and conflict). How is an anime that was based off of an eroge and has almost the same parameters as this regular anime better? For ****s sake one was inspired by actual sex. I would love for the other guys to actually hook up with these ripe, dumbass girls (and women). I really don't care much for the villainous plot the antagonist is cooking up, because he has had almost no time to develop until this ep. Necromancia's attack (an important plot point) was ages ago and Ash only leveled up to get his sick carbine weapon recently with a lightning quick "conflict" against another loli, and although this anime is relying on it's magical school life romantic comedy harem to hold onto viewers, its also trying to get a serious plot going on the side. ON THE SIDE. ON. THE SIDE. lol But things appear to be picking up plot-wise, and I'm excited to see how exactly Ash handles the very important antagonist without being reverse-raped by his high school sluts. 
 Shmuzer name - walkure romance is another ecchi harem??? I'll have to add it to my list, thanks. This was another fun episode. Its not as fulfilling as familiar of zero but its cute. Will be sad when the seasons over. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I watched the newest show after watching madoka magica rebellion. DragonAr academy was just the right medicine to knock the sadness out of me. I really like the pacing the show has. And unlike date a live 2 its not bringing on new characters every show. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 More stupid tentacles, there isn't even any atonement if both sexes are shown being attacked because the guys aren't even that exposed unlike those rape victim girls. I'm losing interest in Ash as a MC. The ecchii is still not right enough to be appreciated, it's just pathetic. Although the plot does move, it progresses at a snail's pace. Let's hope this anime doesn't end with a generic harem ending, I really would like Ash and Silvia to hook up...shame that the writers don't give a damn about legitimate coupling and only use these romantic teases and ecchii themes to get an audience. 
 Just watched first 6 episodes ... and it sure reminds me of familiar of zero ... Lol Louis and Eco both call Ash and Saito dogs ... And I'm totally for EcoxAsh ... Silvia is just boring ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Just watched first 6 episodes ... and it sure reminds me of familiar of zero ... Lol Louis and Eco both call Ash and Saito dogs ... And I'm totally for EcoxAsh ... Silvia is just boring ... Familiar of zero is actually better in my opinion. But I am enjoying dragonar nonetheless. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
