http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158114-Would-you-say-the-area-you-live-in-is-dangerous/page2
 Would you say the area you live in is dangerous? - Page 2
 I cannot say my hood is dangerous but there are a lot of 11-12 year old kids thinking it's funny to vandalism. They broke car's windows a few times on my street and they are really noisy by nights. *sigh* 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 I don't think where I live now is dangerous. I've lived in bad areas in the past. I don't go out much. But my area is a mix of good and bad elements. If I drive just a little south it starts to look crappy and if I drive a little north it looks nicer. There are some sketchy looking people around, but since I've been here there hasn't been any serious incidents. Only one break in. Just like any place you have to be aware of your surroundings. As a kid I lived in a bad area with murders and drug dealing. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 He'll yeah l do. Can't walk two feet out the fire escape without getting pantsed by illegal immigrants. When I go out at night in my k-on thong with a katana in the waistband and my alligator print bathrobe I get so much trash pelted at me that I could start a collection. What's the world cumming to? 
 My area is very safe. I walk my dog on black paths that run through the woods and I do it late at night sometimes. I've never had a problem but I always play it safe and carry a knife. 
 Where I live isn't too bad though I have had my bike stolen and my front door spray painted recently but I haven't had any psychical violence against myself. I am often around at night, I walk home from work which is about a 30 min walk. I am a chef, so I tend not to finish till 11pm on a good night to 1am on a bad night. Friday and Saturday nights I am more weary but touch wood. 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 It is so peaceful that it is suffocating. Well seriously, I haven't encountered any crime in the place where I live in. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/kiieatspocky
 I use to live in the dangerous parts of philly. I grew up in the hood so Im used to gunshots, robberies, gangs, and the drug pushers. However, North philly is the only place and time in my life where I got robbed....twice. We moved and ended up 1 block away from the most dangerous block in philly that is notorious for people getting shot or shot at on a daily basis. Of course we ended up moving again and now live in a much more peaceful area. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 If you consider meth/heroin addicts and 15 year old cholos threats then yeah, it's pretty dangerous around here. I've walked/skatedboarded around at night since I was old enough to go out alone and never once have I had somebody try to pull anything sketchy on me. 
​
 I live in the Philippines. Well, I think you guys can create your own insights about my place. If we are talking about my hometown in general, I wouldn't say it is dangerous but it isn't the place wherein you can fulfill your dreams and endless desires either. Well being safe is better though. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 I am afraid to walk the mean streets of I-town day or night. loljk It's very peaceful. 
 Singapore is just about as safe as it can get. I have my complaints about living here, but safety issues aren't part of my concerns. Crime still occurs in this country, but 80% of the time, you can walk through the streets without getting mugged. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 I don't live there anymore (cos it's that bad!) but where I used to live was terrible, especially for racist hate crimes. On the first street I lived on, it was on a massive steep hill, and somehow, everyone had situated themselves so the white people lived on the bottom half of the street and everyone of any Asian or other background lived at the top. There was a break in the houses halfway up and neither 'group' was allowed to cross it into the other's 'territory' or they'd be attacked. There were loads of racist incidents, famously a young boy who was riding his bicycle right down the middle of the hill at full speed and slammed straight into the windshield of a car that was driving up the hill. The woman driving the car had literally nowhere to go to avoid him, cos the road was very narrow, so the boy was completely at fault, but because the woman was white and the boy was Pakistani, all the non-white neighbours came out of their houses and started attacking the woman saying it was a blatant hate crime... when it wasn't. Another fun fact about where I come from is that the council decided to improve the town by - get this - section off a corner of the town and marking the border with a wall, redirecting the roads and all, and putting blacks on one side and whites on the other so that they would never cross. And the only reason they didn't do it was because they didn't have enough money... what a world we live in. if you think I'm exaggerating, just try and walk down the street there and see what hate crime you either become a victim of or get accused of committing -_- 
 Although my city isn't especially dangerous given the crime rate and population, my city has recently and frequently been in the media spotlight. The most recent being the Hannah Graham Case - a UVA student who went missing and found weeks later dead. Another where a student accused multiple UVA students of rape. Here, its helpful to know how to protect yourself, especially if you're a female. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 I'm in the suburbs so the area is only really dangerous if you're a trafficked Asian masseuse. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Haha definitely not. However, we do get a few people every couple of years. Like when I was elementary school we had some lady murder a man and then about 4 years ago now we had a depressed man from New York come down to commit suicide. Though they believed he wanted to take some people with him after searching his car. But for the most part it's a small community and nothing of any importance really happens. -__- 
