http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149670-Tales-of-Xillia-(PS3)
 Tales of Xillia (PS3)
 Released yesterday in North America and will be out in a couple days in Europe and Australia. I went ahead and bought the expensive Collector's Edition which includes a Milla figurine and couple other things. I played a couple hours last night and my initial impressions were pretty good. Will post my opinions after more playtime, but I hope this game doesn't disappoint. Main complaint I've heard is the game length and how it lacks a lot of the extras regularly seen in other Tales game, but we'll see. So, anyone else given it a go yet? 
MyAnimeList 
 Its a really good game! You should buy it. Want to know how I know its a really good game?  Spoiler It has "Tales of" in the name 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I have heard of this game but don't know very much about it. For those that have bought it, what are your impressions? 
 
 I've just stared it, and so far like it. I agree that it is yet to prove as extensive a game as the other tales games, but a lot take time to get going at the beginning. One thing bugs me though, and once I noticed it, I could not un-notice it...  Spoiler Milla has a lisp, and its gonna drive me nuts! 

 Originally Posted by Pured Its a really good game! You should buy it. Want to know how I know its a really good game?  Spoiler It has "Tales of" in the name Tales of Graces F was an utter disappointment for me. 
 
 Given the game some hours over the last few days. Like the party members introduced so far (even Elize's annoying talking doll to an extent) and while the battle system doesn't introduce anything creatively innovating, it's still the same ole' addicting style the Tales series is noted for. Don't know what direction the story is going in either, but the party interaction and dialogue have kept me fairly entertained so far. OST has been rather uninspiring, as Sakuraba deviated very little from his usual style and the graphics are a little below standards, but those faults are easily passable. 
MyAnimeList 
 I'm really liking it, I'm a few hours into the game, and I agree there isn't too much new in the fighting system, but there was nothing really wrong with it, so whatever. 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 If I were not saving my money for something else, I would get the PS3 just for the Tales games on it. By the time I get to play this game, all the excitement will be over. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I checked a bit on it when I saw it was gonna get a release in the west. Looked up some videos and was quite interested, but forgot about it over time. Saw a video again yesterday by randomly going through related videos on youtube (ftw) and it sparked my interest again. I was quite happy to see it was already released and ordered right away. Should arrive today, so I'm pretty excited. Mainly cause it's my first Tales of game. (Yes, shame on me) 
 
 The Lillium Orb (which is pretty similar to the Sphere Grid from FFX) takes the place of the conventional stats gains at level up and adds at least some customable routes for each character to follow. The VA's are decent; Milla's voice surprised me at first, but it seems to fit her personality and character. 
MyAnimeList 
