http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?143380-What-are-your-hobbies-outside-of-anime-manga
[Personal Life Discussions] What are your hobbies outside of anime/manga?
 What do you do in your free time? I usually like to study new languages (Japanese and Korean now), listen to some music,go to the gym and when I have some time and bravery I try to hang out with my friends. 
http://gingerbreadeye.blogspot.com.br/
 Gaming, Basketball. Pretty much it. but i think i saw a thread like this before.....anyway 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Playing guitar. Its all I do these days lol. After graduating high school, most of my friends (the few I had, anyway) all went separate ways. We hardly ever see each other now. SO I pretty much just watch anime and read manga, and play guitar or do nerdy computer stuff in the meantime. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Cake and Sodomy 
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX Cake and Sodomy What kind of cake? --- Piano, Philosophy and Law, Martial Arts, Video Games, and reading. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Gaming, programming, eating, sleeping, movies, YouTube, music, and the videos on proto's computer, mmmmm. 
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX Cake and Sodomy And Marilyn Manson, too, I see. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Originally Posted by Captain Picard What kind of cake? I'm sure it has A nutty frosting. :3 --- I like drinking and stalking the streets late at night. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Horsebackriding, reading novels, just being with my family and my animals, snowboarding (although I don´t do it so often), watching moives ect... 
 Anime is no longer a hobby. -My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (my new fictional craze that replaced anime) -Music (in particular Alternative Rock & Hardcore Punk, although I like other forms of Rock, as well as EDM, Dubstep, Country, occasionally Rap, R&B, and Indie Pop (hate the mainstream Pop & Rap) -I am back to my guitar playing and is slightly improving, I play Electric for a 'rock' feel and Acoustic for a 'country' feel. -Working out, I dropped about 5 pounds since I was last on here (I am now 293), so I am at the gym a lot. -Looking for work -Starting to do amateur voice acting on My Little Pony abridged series (most likely will voice Apple Jack and/or Fluttershy) -Studying -I also am a part of the Tulsa Pride committee (a LGBT group in Tulsa, Oklahoma) 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by Bo_CyberRealm And Marilyn Manson, too, I see. Huh? The only Manson I like is Charles 
 Oh, and I forgot.... vidya games! (I mainly play Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, but every now and then I play a Pokemon game, and rarely, another game like my My Little Pony game on my iPod touch.) 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX Cake and Sodomy Hello Marquis de Sade. My hobbies,depending on my awkward mood, is usually reading, watching TV shows, movies, spending time outside, drinking plenty of coffee, eating like a cow. 
 Originally Posted by Elfa Hello Marquis de Sade. Duke of sadists? Eh? 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by The Archangel Duke of sadists? Eh? Yes, that's our Hank. Well...he claims to be one. He has big urges after all. 
 I have a few hobbies outside of work and school. I collect black metal albums, which is a lot harder than you think as some of these albums can go for hundreds of dollars each. My current black metal album collection numbers over 250 albums and counting. Some of these albums only have a few hundred in existence and others are highly sought after because of the label it's on. Either way, getting a lot of these albums is not easy or cheap. I also collect comic books, usually if I find a series I like. I have all of Blackest Night and most of the tie-ins for it. I also collect the various variant covers for the new My Little Pony comic, which can go for big bucks. I listen to music in my free time, anything but modern country. And I often can spend hours browsing /co/ and /mlp/ as well. 
 I got no regrets And I remember the day that we met There was no way that I could forget you So I followed you home and waited until you were alone... Jack | Gunnerkrigg Court | Boxdog | The Terrible Secret | Poppy O’Possum | Homestuck
 Originally Posted by Fluttershy Shinigami Anime is no longer a hobby. -My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (my new fictional craze that replaced anime) HOW DARE YOU! You cannot simply replace anime with hentai ponies. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Well I like to paint miniatures like Games Workshop models form Warhammer 40k. I paint Battletech and reaper minatures. The dragons that reaper makes are amazing and I painted a few that look incredible. I will have to post a picture or two of the blue dragon I painted. Like six shades of blue on the scales alone and its really colorful with the best looking dragon wings I ever painted. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Pured HOW DARE YOU! You cannot simply replace anime with hentai ponies. Euyup, My Little Pony is for real gangstas, forget anime. This picture of Dash is better than 90% of the recent anime. OT: I also like watching sports (keep forgetting one). 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by Fluttershy Shinigami Euyup, My Little Pony is for real gangstas, forget anime. This picture of Dash is better than 90% of the recent anime. Fanmade music is 20% cooler. Alex S. / TLT are 20% cooler than that. Manga is 20% cooler than that. Anime is 20%^20 Cooler than all of the above combined. p.s. I also like basketball, but i'm too unfit to play anymore. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I'm a Gamer/Exercise/Paleontological nerd I love gaming. Exercising is my thing. and paleontology is a lifes passion as dull as that sounds! 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Learning , sport, anime, friends and music. Huge fan of music over 10 000 songs have on hardisc. (from J-pop to US rock). 
 
 Originally Posted by Pured Fanmade music is 20% cooler. Alex S. / TLT are 20% cooler than that. Manga is 20% cooler than that. Anime is 20%^20 Cooler than all of the above combined. p.s. I also like basketball, but i'm too unfit to play anymore. You must think highly of MLP if you are constantly saying '20%', just sayin'. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by Fluttershy Shinigami You must think highly of MLP if you are constantly saying '20%', just sayin'. I don't think you notice how big of a number 20^20 is >.> 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Study(mostly xD) hanging out with my dorm room friend,and playing tennis 

