http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141896-your-most-hated-anime-character/page2
[Anime] your most hated anime character - Page 2
 Every Tsundere character out there ... And Nina Einstein from Code Geass ... Surprised to see no one else named her so far. 
 
 the main character from shuffle because he gets so much stuff out of life yet he apreciates none of it and that just makes me mad. another person i hate from anime is italy from hetalia because all he does is yell pastaaaaaaaaaa thats whats supposed to be the catch phrase of that character let me tell you thats pretty weak, and dont even get me started on plue from fairy tale. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Originally Posted by Chunibyou Nunalee from Code Geass, and the armor fag from full metal alchemist. Not Alphonse!! O: He is so cute! ^_^ and he has some great powers too, however can agree that he´s sometimes kinda boring in the anime but he gets better in the movie... 
 Originally Posted by Kyō For me? It was Koda and his incestual cousin from Elfen Lied. Half way through the series, I wanted them to both die painful deaths. I've seen it subbed and dubbed, and neither can be saved in either circumstance. You should just throw in the rest of the cast from that series. I'd put Haruhi Suzumiya up there with characters I hate. So annoying, I wish someone would just slap the **** out her(Kyon im looking at you). Niijima from Kenichi is up there as well. What a dick 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz Niijima from Kenichi is up there as well. What a dick are you reading the manga or watched the anime only? For me it's orihime and all those characters who start whining about every **** And those who take half of the series to make a single proper decision 
 I'm not A hater. I dislike some characters, but always find intriguing qualities about them. Yamcha and Yajirobe however, had no business being in DBZ after the original DB. They just suck. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by Stone are you reading the manga or watched the anime only? Seen the anime and read very little of the manga. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by PixieNicole Karin from Sasukes group in Naruto shippuden..... o..my...god... i cannot stand her!!! She was actually quite good personality wise to shift the tone a bit in that group. 4 very diff personalities you can't hate how they portrayed them. Sakura on the other hand...when she confessed to Naruto that she loved him...I stopped caring for her slot. Naruto was the man though and saw right through her ish. Inoue from Bleach isn't that bad either lmao. 
 Every Naruto character. Especially Sasuke an Sakura. 
Anime Casuals make me: 
 It's a hard choice between biatch/drama queen Sakura from Naruto or kid Gohan from DBZ crying every damn second, pick your poison sigh. 
 I know there are quite a few characters in anime that really pissed me off for whatever reason, but the only one that I can think of is Seiji Noumi from Accel World. He had way too much screen time. Ever since the episode he was introduced, I wanted him to die. I am very surpirsed that no one has mentioned Shinji Ikari from Evangelion yet. I personally don't hate him, but it seems like a lot of people really do hate him. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 Originally Posted by Jellz I'd put Haruhi Suzumiya up there with characters I hate. So annoying, I wish someone would just slap the **** out her(Kyon im looking at you). LOL, but yeah she's actually really ****ing annoying. And she's basically a rapist (bunny outfit episode)... 
 Flay Allster from Gundam Seed 
 Originally Posted by Chunibyou LOL, but yeah she's actually really ****ing annoying. And she's basically a rapist (bunny outfit episode)... She is just hip. Show is pretty bad, minus her. Rest of cast is very boring. 
Anime Casuals make me: 
 Sasuke from Naruto, he gives me the sheets! 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 I say Chiyuri Kurashima from Accel World. 
 
