http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155192-Forced-Introduction
 Forced Introduction
 I'm doing this only because it's requierd to post in rest of the forum. 
 ♪(┌・。・)┌ BONJOUR! (I'm not really french.) I've come from high mountains tops, past deadly waters, through the realm of darkness, just to personally say hello to you and welcome you to this site. now I bet you must be curious about this awesome warrior from far lands CUE THE CONFETTI! └（★ｏ★）┐ *DRUM ROLL* My name is Cinder, I know, I bet you would've never guessed~ I've been saving the world for 18 years now and in December in shall be 19th year my existence has gifted the world. 
 Welcome to A4, yeah it is annoying but don't mind it well enjoy the rest of the forums and have a nice stay 
  Spoiler 
 Well normally I think people like introductions.... Anyways welcome to A4 

 Welcome to A4. Hope you have a nice time here and enjoy your stay. Have fun! ^^ 
 
 Originally Posted by Lithary I'm doing this only because it's requierd to post in rest of the forum. **** you too. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Well, Welcome to the Forum. Lol. Hope you enjoy it. And I don't believe I ever had to make one, I guess I was lucky to slip under the radar. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 hahahahahahahahahaha i feel you. I was trying to lurk through the forums last night, but it kept telling me to make an introduction first or something, lmao. Anyway, welcome to the forums, im also new so see u around 
 :O a tsundere member??? ASDFGHJKL 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 I'm only welcoming you because I feel obligated to..... JK Welcome to A4 where there are rainbows, unicorns and anime stuff actually i lied, there's no anime talk here jk I lied again I'm a good person 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Originally Posted by Cinder ♪(┌・。・)┌ BONJOUR! (I'm not really french.) I've come from high mountains tops, past deadly waters, through the realm of darkness, just to personally say hello to you and welcome you to this site. now I bet you must be curious about this awesome warrior from far lands CUE THE CONFETTI! └（★ｏ★）┐ *DRUM ROLL* My name is Cinder, I know, I bet you would've never guessed~ I've been saving the world for 18 years now and in December in shall be 19th year my existence has gifted the world. Originally Posted by Solo Welcome to A4, yeah it is annoying but don't mind it well enjoy the rest of the forums and have a nice stay It's ok. I'll live! Originally Posted by Tantums Well normally I think people like introductions.... Anyways welcome to A4 Meh... I never even liked getting introduced when I was a new kid in the class. Originally Posted by Roxαиα Welcome to A4. Hope you have a nice time here and enjoy your stay. Have fun! ^^ Thanks! Originally Posted by BlackTemplar **** you too. :* Originally Posted by Dragnight44 Well, Welcome to the Forum. Lol. Hope you enjoy it. And I don't believe I ever had to make one, I guess I was lucky to slip under the radar. You ninja, you! Originally Posted by Tsundere hahahahahahahahahaha i feel you. I was trying to lurk through the forums last night, but it kept telling me to make an introduction first or something, lmao. Anyway, welcome to the forums, im also new so see u around Nice to...  Spoiler ...you! Originally Posted by RunawayPanda I'm only welcoming you because I feel obligated to..... JK Welcome to A4 where there are rainbows, unicorns and anime stuff actually i lied, there's no anime talk here jk I lied again I'm a good person But I'm an evil person. D: 
 Hey there, mate. Welcome to A4. Hope you're having a good time 
  Spoiler Mayuyu's personal slave >3< "Look beyond the horizon, you'll see a carnival waiting for you and the reflection of what you used to be..." **kudos to the artist** 
 Hello, .... i haven't introduced people for the longest time. Well welcome to A4, get jiggy :3 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
