http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158615-Shingeki-no-Bahamut-Genesis-(Rage-of-Bahamut-Genesis)
[Fantasy] Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis (Rage of Bahamut: Genesis)
 Rage of Bahamut: Genesis (神撃のバハムート, Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis) is an upcoming Japanese anime series based on the Rage of Bahamut game. The anime has been licensed for streaming in North America by Funimation. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Ep 1 looking great! Good arts and animations. Definitely worth following. Though its based on a card game, the battles are real fights rather than yugioh style. Story appears to be adventure themed. Something fresh to watch. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I am very satisfied with this so far. It's animated really well, the characters are awesome, and it's got great action. Will follow. 

 I'm glad you guys said that! I almost passed on this series, fearing card-based battles... Glad to hear it's not like that! I've been so busy that I have not had time to watch any of the new series premieres that I've been posting about. You guys are my screeners, so I appreciate the comments good or bad. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Yup, it's definitely worth picking up. It's got a bunch of different vibes from it. Pirates of the Caribbean and Disney being big ones for me. 

 Fully agree with you Shinu ✌ And Ned I thank u in return for posting these posts as I may overlook some good series. Seems like most good ones are released subbed on Monday of the week this season. I used up all my remaining free time on last night's episodes D: 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 This is potentially AOTS for me. It's got a really fun feel to it with excellent animation, mystery and a great premise. Not to mention main girl is cute as hell :3c 

 One of the shows I actually like this season, wow! I suppose you can call the fights wacky and fun. Also liked how they introduced the characters. Looking forward to more. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Looks like we got a winner here. I'll check it out! Most of the anime this season haven't motivated me to watch their pilots. Good feedback = worth a look 
 this show didn't look good on the first sight, but after watching it i think this will be a very good serie. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/TehMusicx
 Ep 4 was cool + background story Team change with favaro n loli necromancer is gonna be interesting 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I was a little disappointed this week that they didn't attack the  Spoiler giant enemy boss crab's exposed eye for massive damage . 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Holy crap, I totally glossed over this anime. I decided to watch the last episode (it's a gimmick of mine, start from the ending an then on to the beginning). Seriously, this anime is fantastic. Fight scenes are incredible, sound is amazing, animation is lovely. **** yes, this is something out of a geek's hyper-violent RPG dream. 
