http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154682-Favorite-Pokemon-games
 Favorite Pokemon games?
 Have a favorite pokemon game? If so why? 

 Pokemon Diamond. Only because that is the only one I have played - and probably my last one? 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Pokemon Diamond. Only because that is the only one I have played - and probably my last one? I'm sorry to hear that's the only one you've played ... I want to say my favorite would be red/blue since it's the original, but gold and silver was just so awesome. All the different gyms and cities to search just felt so cool. Cyndaquil rocks too! 
 Even though I started as a Red and Blue generation player, I'd have to say Sapphire would be one of the more memorable ones. That's when I started learning about EVs and IVs to the point where I was using gameshark cheats to modify stats and create items to play around and test with. It also held one of my favourite pokemon, Metagross. Also, because it was on an emulator I was able to test out a heap of stuff with the breeding aspect because I could speed up time and change things on the fly. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Hmmmm, I'd have to say 2nd gen ONLY because of the access to Kanto and the battle with Red at the end of the game. Those were awesome, not to mention kinda hard. Also going back to Kanto and seeing what's changed was great, the remakes too, are really well done. 
 My favorite is Emerald. It was the first game I ever played in the series and it holds my favorite mon, Gardevoir. Also, who doesn't like contests and the fronteir? 
 HONK :O) 
 Probably second gen, gold and silver. Although their remakes, HG and SS were also wonderful! Hard to go back to the originals after playing more recent titles though, Black and White and their sequels were fun just for the storyline. 

 I will have to throw in my least favorite Pokemon game too. That would be the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon games. I just could not put my soul into being a pokemon and walking around as a little pocket monster.... Mystery Dungeon just makes me think of the song,"So you wanna be a master of pokemon! Do you have the skills to be number 1?" In Mystery Dungeon I could never become the master I dreamed of. I was just the slave wondering around with some friends, knowing that I could be captured any one of these days by a douche from Team Rocket. This game dismantled my mental state of health. I lost all things I knew of Pokemon. After Mystery Dungeon.... I don't know how to pokemon anymore. Will you teach me to pokemon? 
 Red. The first and last Pokemon I ever played. After that there really was no difference between one pokemon game and another, except for slightly different Pokemon. 

 I can't pick a favourite out of all the ones I've played. So I'll just mention the ones I liked the most and why. Sapphire holds a special place in my heart for being the first Pokemon game where I got quite far which, for my age at the time I thought quite an achievement. Overall I also think it's the most interesting gen pokemon-wise. After that comes Pearl for overall being a pretty fun game with nice pokemon and decent music. (Cynthia <3) Black 2 has a bit of everything. Some really nice pokemon like Haxorus (darn beast :F) and extremely good music. Not to mention the PWT was a really cool thing and once again, music man. Dat music. Pokemon Y Certainly isnt a bad game. I enjoyed it and there were some interesting pokemon. But I don't like how easy it was. I'm an exp share user most of the time, but having to choose between overleveling my whole team or going for mindless grinding with every single pokemon I get due to not being able to pop an exp share on one of them specifically... meh. 
 Last edited by Viren; 01-03-2014 at 03:25 AM. Reason: Thought Pokemon Y was a gen and not a game. Hah. 
 
 Pokemon Silver Pokemon Stadium 1-2 Pokemon Blue Pokemon Snap Pokemon X Pokemon Emerald Pokemon Crystal In that order cuz thats all the games I have ever played. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 My favorite games would be the generation 2 remakes; Heart Gold and Soul Silver. They took the two regions, sixteen gym battles and that awesome fight with Red and updated them with gen 4 mechanics, so Bite is no longer special and Shadow Ball is no longer physical (the fact that all ghost moves were physical in the first place still confuses the **** out of me.) And I love the pokemon companion thing they had going on, where your leading pokemon will get out of his/her pokeball and follow you. Yes, I know yellow did it first, but screw pikachu, little twit didn't evolve when I told him to. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
 Pokemon Yellow... one of my first pokemon games, i was addicted to that game :P and having pikachu following me everywhere was priceless 
 Pokemon Emerald. I've got all 3 legendary birds and the weather trio. It was an achievement, thou that was many years ago. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I liked the second gen, but blue and red started this game series. Pokemon blue was so brilliant, i continued to play it long in my GBA years. How many times i had played through, i was a tank at it, but i always found it fun. Mixed up the squads, going for rare pokemon, fighting gym leaders. Crystal wins on story sure, but i will always have a gameboy cartridge slot in my heart for pokemon blue. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Gold and Silver have always been my favorites. I haven't played them since I was a kid, so I probably wouldn't like them much now, but if I want to experience them again in some form, there's always HG and SS available to me. As a kid I was blown away by Kanto being available after I wrapped things up in Johto, and the world felt so big to me. I had so much more fun with those two (and Crystal) than I did with any of the other games, though the first generation comes the closest. Honorable mention goes to Black and White for having the best storyline, even though it's the best storyline in a series of games with god-awful stories, if any at all, but it's something. It's the tallest midget in a group of midgets. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
