http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154417-Hamatora/page2
[Mystery] Hamatora - Page 2
 Yeah, that episode was a shocker! ...although it didn't surprise me. This anime somehow feels that it's the type that would go there. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Three, you bloody idiot! Do you really want to raise those children to be like you were!? But that ending... damn, it looks like things are going to start moving really fast now. :o 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 WHere's Art's body??? 

 I just cannot get over the fact that this anime basically took the stories of DTB and Psycho Pass an mashed it together in an attempt to fool people into thinking that its new. This story had promise at the beginning and could have really separated itself from its taking of DTB and PP ideas by going deeper into Facultas instead of going the Moral route. Tensai Okamura and Naoyoshi Shiotani is probably shaking their heads in disbelief that people actually like this 
 It's more or less X-Men if they were detectives. 

 I guess I am one of the many people who like this anime then. Great soundtrack and likable characters. New episode was awesome. I knew that Black Coffee was going to be the key! 

 Oh my god...HAJIME!!!!! ITS ABOUT TO GET SERIOUS!!!! 

 Who hurt Hajime!? D:< 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 HAHAHA Welp At least we know we'll get a season 2...and if not...riots 

 holy f--k, that last episode ending! o_O 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Second season of Hamatora has finally started! I can't wait to watch it tonight... especially after the cliffhanger we were left at last season! @_@ 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Episode 1...SO FREAKING GOOD!!!! Kinda knew  Spoiler that Nice was hanging out in that Tiger suit and now the Tiger has a name! Also a Hajime heavy episode which I don't think anyone will complain about. Art though... 

 Which would you choose? The only reason I wasn't missing Nice too bad is because Hajime took his place. I was happy to see her get more action! And dem fans! :o 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Art...SO CRAZY!!!! Such a badass  Spoiler Stealing the Minimums and injecting himself with other MInimums??? Crazy Such a good episode. 

 Oh god animation at it's best 9999x better than the first season =D I really wanna know what happened to Nice 
 Dammit, Oji-san!!  Spoiler The information broker told him, "Let me give you a word of advice. Don't get in too deep, if you don't want your life cut short." Dammit, Gasquet! Why couldn't you listen? T_T 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 OLD MAN NO!!! And preview for next week...Murasaki...oh no. 

 I just do not get why everyone has such strange names. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Murasaki!!!! Damn it why!!!! 

 Episode 7 was frigging hilarious...until the ending...sleeping Beauty Hajime. 

 That long haired Hajime!!! 

 I wish people still watched this, the last episode got real serious! Hajime-chan is  Spoiler stupid why would she go to the hideout only to get captured. Thus making Ratio and nice fight to the death, I did not expect that. Glad the made Ratio fight some more. I still love Hajime don't get me wrong, but they better explain why she went to that lady. Also she left her hat at the club which had some kind of chip on one of her badges...kinda curious about that. Art obviously  Spoiler has a plan, Freemum, has a plan, and Saikyou has a plan, meanwhile Hamatora barely has there Minimums left, Birthday is apparently dieing or is currently dead, and Suruga lost his healing Minimum most likely to Art. I feel like  Spoiler there is seriously no hope for Hamatora but something amazing has to happen. 

 A fairly good anime, I'd have to say; the animation was kind of bad at some points and the characters didn't appeal to me in personality as much as some other animes have, but it wasn't too bad and something I'd recommend for people to watch when they wanna see some mystery action. Damn, that ending though o.o  Spoiler It frustrates me a little bit why they wouldn't explain afterwards why Art killed Nice; like, was Art on Moral's side the entire time? Was it actually a clone of Moral disguised as Art? Like, what happened? I'm sure those questions could be and probably will be answered in the second season, if there is a second season, but whether there is one or not, I think I'm just gonna leave it at Nice's unexplained death for now... 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
 RTK Season 2 is almost over! And Episode 11 some crazy SHAT just happened! 

 I loved this show, a lot of people hate on it but whatever it's seriously one of my favorites of all time. 

