http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?114443-RP-community-discussions/page34
 RP community discussions - Page 34
 Originally Posted by Faerhen Hey Neji! It has been awhile lol. Sorry for the delay, holidays called and stole me away for a bit. PSN being down for me contributes to me being here also. XD I'd do some rping myself but I've yet to cook up anything or see anything interesting yet. I want to start Rping again. I would love to cook up something new. 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 It's been a long while, interested in recruiting me for a role play? 
 
 Before i even begin to think about creating this RP i had in mind, i'm curious in how active this community is? I really don't see ANY active RP's out. 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 You give me something that appeals to me and I can do it for a fair while. Just as long as it's nothing too complicated, allows for a fair bit of freedom and creativity, and has an actual goal/quest/mission, you should generate some interest. I've seen quite a few die off before they get anywhere because there's too many people twiddling their thumbs wondering what to do. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 I've been looking for a good rp, but I can't find anything. Anything sci-fi sounds amazing. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Just put up a New RP for those interested. 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 Hellllloooo Og Geez, how long has it been? Sorry for the sudden disappearance... If any of you care that is. What goes on? 
  Spoiler 
 So I'm guessing that there's no active RPs at the moment? 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 There's so much evil in Super Powered. Will no good soul stand up to help this troubled city? Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 01-19-2015 at 12:48 PM. 
