http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151912-Whats-up-guys!
 Whats up guys!
 Hey, Whats up. im just new here. i was looking for a site to meet new friends and talk about muh hobbies and this site came up :P hope i can get along with most of you! p.s. can anybody show me the ropes around here? 
 Welcome to A4! This is a good site were I am sure you will make new friends And if you have any questions feel free to message me. Enjoy the Forums! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Hey hey, so, what are your hobbies? Talk away! Welcome to A4! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Welcome to A4.I guarantee you will find a lot of weirdos crawling around these forums.But that's fine,they won't bite. 

 Welcome to A4, you will probably get new friends and talk about your hobbies here in this forum if you stay for a while 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Just a dream Welcome to A4.I guarantee you will find a lot of weirdos crawling around these forums.But that's fine,they won't bite. Am I one of them? >.< Anyways, welcome to A4. Hope you enjoy it here! 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Hey Toki! Welcome to Anime-Forums/A4, we'll get along. ;] Nice to meet you, I'm CJ. If you ever need anything let me know, I got chu. 
 Welcome. You can hold my rope :3 PM me whatever you need. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Just a dream Welcome to A4.I guarantee you will find a lot of weirdos crawling around these forums.But that's fine,they won't bite. does that include you? Welcome to A4. FcTokistar. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Thanks guys! i can already feel the warmth around here :3 i dont know where to start is there something like a chat room here? 
 Yes, there is. I believe you need 10 forum posts, before you will be able to see it at the bottom of the forum. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Welcome ^^ Nice to meet you and have you join us here on A4! 
 
 welcome to the forums. 
WWE,NFL and Anime Cartoon Fans Only! http://www.youtube.com/user/Gohan6425 
