http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151558-Naruto-Chapter-650-I-ll-Sleep
 Naruto Chapter 650 - I'll Sleep
 So it looks like this fight is almost at it's climax and possibly will be decided in next week's chapter from how it looked ( I hope not ) but if it does happen to end they better make sure that attack on Obito surpasses amazing, because so far it doesn't even look like they barely hit the guy. I love how Orochimaru decides to join the fight be cause his boy toy experiment Sasuke is in danger. Anyways, what were your thoughts on this chapter? Do you think the fight will end next week? 
 i thought it was pretty good. i liked orochimaru being a part of this chapter. kakashi is definitely coming back next chapter and i think he will play a big role in dealing with obito. i was a little disappointed because the previous chapter ended with a quote saying that sasuke and naruto were finally going to do something and they really didnt do anything except set up the next chapter. i do not think the fight will end next week though. i think the chapter will be full of action but end with madara about to take control of the god tree. somebody needs to kill obito before he turns good like every other villain in this show. 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I thought this chapter was really slow moving, not much really went on in term of advancing the story and we heard the usually obito rant of understanding naruto's will and what not. but i did like seeing kakashi getting ready for battle again and seeing orochimaru getting in the mix. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 kishi is such a freaking loser at this point im starting to hate him for butchering ( yes its his story to butcher) naruto which was my 2nd fave now like 10th fave manga of all time there is no build up anymore like there is suppose to be b4 a big power up now he just throws them in at randome like who gives a **** i mean this whole chapter was tnj and then at then end hes like ok here is a pic of naruto and sasuke fusion just like b4 - sasuke perfect susanoo mode no build up just all of a sudden its there - bijuu sage mode nothing going on oh mid chapter her is naruto in bijuu sage mode no practice just perfect control of it **** you kishi seriously 
 Sakura is finally being useful. I just hope it will last for more than one chapter this time. As for Naruto and Sasuke, how much chakra and stamina do those guys have? When they got hit by Obito's attack, they seemed so exhausted and out of energy, but somehow after Naruto said his usual (defense-mechanism) motto: "Because that's my ninja way." then BAM! Out of the sudden they're fully recharged again. I highly doubt the fight will end next week, or even the week after that. 

 im fine with sakura being useless, just keep her out of the manga. and ya, it kind of bothers me that sasuke just pulled a full size susano out of nowhere and the added senju to it like it was nothing. the power jump for the both of them came out of left field. Naruto fought all the other tailed beasts and has been fighting tobi for what feels like days and he still has an abundance of chakra left. i cant wait to see how absurd this last attack is going to be. a rasengan shurukin with a kyuubi bomb core covered in ameratsu that susano is going to shoot from is crossbow 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Anyways, what were your thoughts on this chapter? Do you think the fight will end next week? I just want this to be over so I can see what happens but I don't see an end in sight considering how long these particular segment of the story has been dragged on. With the resurgence of old faces (namely the Kage who Madara previously wiped the floor with) and Orochimaru it would seem like a complete letdown for us not to see what legendary names in the manga's story can do once they put their strength and minds together. In other news, I can completely see Sasuke somehow being taken over and being the new Madara/Obito. He has all the makings for it and is probably a key component to the survival of the franchise one the war is over. Slight Side Note: what happened to the other Rinnegan pain manufactured for his puppets and can Madara duplicate that particular process? According to the lore the only one able to defeat Madara was Hashirama. I do not think Hashirama can defeat him now that he has the rinnegan. To make things more daunting, before anyone can attempt to lay a paw on him, they have to go through Obito who seems to be a jinchuuriki on pcp. At this point, it probably would've been more feasible to give the strongest of the remaining reanimations the rinnegan to justify how long this has gone on. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 a rasengan shurukin with a kyuubi bomb core covered in ameratsu that susano is going to shoot from is crossbow Don't forget it will have curse seal and Sage Chakra Added to it at the same time and.... OH and the shurriken is a Barrage that splits into shadow clones of itself so that he has no idea where the real one is but they are are all real so it does not matter and when he dodges one. Just like the first team attack they did together. Its a SHURIKEN SHADOW! So there is one last one Hiding in the shadow of the last oen he dodges so when he jumps it flies out of the shadow straight out at him and hits. Yeah! Oh and in the very CENTER of the energy is Sasuke's Sword Cutter Sword Charged with Electrical Chakra! So he gets hit by the energy. Absorbes all the energy, Gets damaged by sage chakra and than BAM...a sword through his heart or head or whatever. I Challange anyone to make that attack any more absurd because if it does not match at least this I will not be pleased with it lol. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox I Challange anyone to make that attack any more absurd because if it does not match at least this I will not be pleased with it lol. Kishi accepts that challenge... stand by as it will be revealed in a future chapter of Naruto. It shall be absurd... I dont think the manga will end for a few chapters, but I am curious how good/bad the final chapter will be. I really hope it concludes well, as I think that is what most people have been waiting for. I really hope its not.... lame. Or vague. Like Naruto and Shikamaru looking into the sky. Does anyone want a time skip before the final chapter? (like in Harry Potter I suppose... just Naruto as an adult with his kids learning how to be ninja and the ninja world being at peace again). 
 Originally Posted by KanataiRose I dont think the manga will end for a few chapters, but I am curious how good/bad the final chapter will be.  Spoiler The final few panels of the last chapter will include Naruto in bed with Hinata and than pans over to the next part of bed with Sakura, Ino and Temari on the other sides of both of them and than Sasuke pops out of the covers and asks if he is ready for round three and than Naruto says.....ya...sure...*smiles* The end... Everyone ends up in bed with Naruto. That is gonna be the ending. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox  Spoiler The final few panels of the last chapter will include Naruto in bed with Hinata and than pans over to the next part of bed with Sakura, Ino and Temari on the other sides of both of them and than Sasuke pops out of the covers and asks if he is ready for round three and than Naruto says.....ya...sure...*smiles* The end... Everyone ends up in bed with Naruto. That is gonna be the ending. I'm assuming you're going to be in bed with him as well, correct? 
 I did..say everybody right? That also includes you too lol. Of course I will be the one on the corner all curled up crying XD 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox I did..say everybody right? That also includes you too lol. Of course I will be the one on the corner all curled up crying XD When you say everyone that doesn't includes me. Everyone is just the cast of Naruto and you. 
 lol. (10 characters) 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
