http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149437-A4-s-11th-Birthday-A4-month/page3
 A4's 11th Birthday - A4 month - Page 3
 A4 month is almost upon us. To explain to the new members. A4 is 11 years old this year, 12th August. Every year, (we try lol) A4 hosts a month long series of events during August to celebrate A4's birthday. Events themselves don't need to last the entire month. You can have a series of week long mini events, it just depends on who is hosting and how they want to run theirs. As promised, I will post up a chat thread sticky in the GNAD forum that will be there for the duration of the month. it may become slightly redundant with the re-introduction of the chatbox, but people still want it to happen, so we'll go ahead. This is where you come in: If anyone has ideas for events that they'd like to see happen, then post them up. We can host Anime Simulwatch events during the month if people are interested? Ian has posted up A4 Idol events in the past that were a lot of fun. Pick a song, record yourself singing, and submit it. Ian or someone could run another of those, for example. We could hold a anime review competition, where people choose an anime and write a review for it. We've done this before in the past and it was pretty fun. Successful reviews could get featured on our Facebook page. There are so many other things we could do, art events, "caption this" events, and so on We'd love to see members hosting some of them and making their friends get involved. The more people that participate, the more fun it will be for everyone. As events start, we'll throw them up in an announcement so that your threads get more attention, and we'll use our Facebook page (clicky) to remind members to come check out what is going on. I am sure you guys can come up with more ideas than this. Post them up here and let's see what you come up with. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
