http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156048-Most-Underrated-and-Overrated-games
 Most Underrated and Overrated games?
 Personally, A couple of very underrated games in my opinion area - Dogs Life - PS2 I Barely saw anybody playing this game, loved it as a child! Transformers (Image of Case Here) - PS2 My brother introduced me to this game had hours of fun on it, but again never saw anybody else with it. Avatar - PS3 I got this game just so i could get another cheaper in an offer. (A 3 for £10 deal, would have cost £15 otherwise). Was actually the best game i bought that day, loved the game!  Spoiler Although the ending was awful, stopping as you get the best red flying bird... But all reviews say it's terrible. Personally, I REALLY enjoyed the game. Metro Last Light - GOt it free through PlayStation Plus, played it from start to finish in pretty much one sitting, LOVED the game! Really hoping there will be a sequel! Overrated - Call of Duty... 'Nuf' said. Haha, Titanfall (haven't played it, but from what I have heard, not as good as it was pumped up to be) GTA 4 - THis may be a shocker to some (This is completely opinion based btw) but if you think about it, There wasn't much in GTA 4, besides the missions, there wasn't much to do, money was pretty much useless, The calls from friends were annoying and would often end up in them been pissed with you because they got themselves run over. THe game itself was very dull aswell, when you compare how bright and lively GTA 5 looks to GTA 4, then well. It looks really dull... Even the gameplay was really slow, when I think back about it. Just not as good as it seemed to be when it first came out! Personally, I'd say Fifa is overrated, (I play the living crap out of this game, spent more hours on this than I have anything else I think)... But really, It is almost the same game everyyear, just with tweaks to the engine, maybe a new layout to the menu's and players are transfered by default... What's your opinion? 
 I agree with the overrated on Call of Duty... ugh. And I also heard Titanfall was somewhat of a disappointment, which sucked because I had been pretty excited about it. As for underrated, I know a lot of people know of Dragon Age (the first one, second one was AWFUL in my opinion) but every single person i talk to has NEVER played any of them. So maybe it's just underrated around where I live. Can't really think of any more at the moment, but I probably will later. c: 

 Most overrated is skyrim for me sure it's a good game but I'm sick of hearing "It's the BEST RPG ever!" As for underrated gotta be Fallout 3 and New Vegas. Dragon's Dogma is also a good underrated game. GTA5 and COD gta5 is good enough to be overrated but cod? I don't think so 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 All of them. 

 Originally Posted by 어진혁 Most overrated is skyrim for me sure it's a good game but I'm sick of hearing "It's the BEST RPG ever!" As for underrated gotta be Fallout 3 and New Vegas. Dragon's Dogma is also a good underrated game. GTA5 and COD gta5 is good enough to be overrated but cod? I don't think so Wow, never expected to see skyrim there. I've probably clocked up around 600-700hours on that game alone. I loved it. But i can see why you think it's over rated. Why wouldn't you COD is overrated? Or is it because everyone knows how bad it is? ;-) 
 Originally Posted by 어진혁 Most overrated is skyrim for me sure it's a good game but I'm sick of hearing "It's the BEST RPG ever!" As for underrated gotta be Fallout 3 and New Vegas. Dragon's Dogma is also a good underrated game. GTA5 and COD gta5 is good enough to be overrated but cod? I don't think so Don't say stuff like that...you might get an arrow to the knee 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
 I would definitely say Titanfall is overrated. If that game was released back when Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare was coming out, I can see it being a big deal. No server mods. No custom servers. No ability to make custom maps. No ability to even have a competitive scene. No possible way to even form a "clan" or a "guild" around the game. Titanfall is like a sick joke of an FPS. It has FUN, but in terms of "community", it doesn't have it. A game that can't foster a community will die in a short few months once the "release" hype is gone. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Underrated Silpheed: The Lost Planet - PS2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dza2EBFyTE Dope ass shoot em up that only me, my brother and random friends ever played. Probably. Only bought it because it was one of teh systems first releases but was not disappointed. Superb graphics that blew away other shooters at the time, fun gameplay, it was challenging but fair and the gameplay speeded up and slowed so it never got repetitive. And the bosses where prper 'OMG KILL IT WAITH NAPALM CANNONS!!!!' I wanna play it right now. Overrated Ha. Ha. Ahahahahahha. Lets just go with all the slop people talk about in Chatbox that I don't play. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Sliphead: The lost planet reminds a lot of Star Fox on the N64! Ah the Memories! 
 Originally Posted by Narippo-KatekyoBleachborn Wow, never expected to see skyrim there. I've probably clocked up around 600-700hours on that game alone. I loved it. But i can see why you think it's over rated. Why wouldn't you COD is overrated? Or is it because everyone knows how bad it is? ;-) Skyrim is fun but I'm getting sick of people saying it's the best game in the world every time. Even when I say the word "game" it always leads up to skyrim.As for COD I meant that gta5 deserve the overrated status while cod doesn't deserve it. I mean how are people satisfied with copy and pasted game? Sure the multiplayer is fun but I don't think I 'll be satisfied with that 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 well, I can't really say i'm an old school experienced gamer (even though my first video game experiences came with the third generation, commodore and such), but I really do understand those old geezers dissapointed with todays gaming industry. Now i do understand there is more money than ever involved in it, and the all increasing amount of casual gamers rolling in...but i feel it's all gone the wrong direction. I'll definitely go with COD as an overrated game. While it did set some new standards with early releases, these new ones...well, they are all fun to play and ****, but it's just the same BS packed in a nicer package. I mean, you finish Black ops by pressing a few buttons when the screen tells you to do so. It's not just COD, most games have become just a "gaming experience" you stroll through rather than being a videogame itself. No new genres, inovative engines, bunch of sequels with rare original titles. Comparing the amount of money and evolved technology to the 90s, i think it just went the wrong way. The gaming industry became like POP music, while in the 90s it was more like alternative metal. That's why my respect towards indie games and titles such as Dark Souls and Skyrim is increasing...at least they try, and don't take the same path as always. I don't know, maybe I'm just being nostalgic and talking crap, but i think most of the gaming industry nowadays should be considered overrated. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
 Skyrim is definitely overrated. It's more Morrowind, which is what many people enjoy and I don't **** on them for it, but other than that it was really more of the same. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Overrated: Chrono Trigger. Yes I like the game, but having so many fanboys classify it as the "Greatest RPG Ever Made," is just plain overkill for me. I think it was great for what it brought to the table, but I just cant see it being the greatest hands down. Bring on the hate. Underrated: Kingdoms of Amalur - the Reckoning. This was a very fun Skyrim-ish like RPG crafted by the minds of Todd McFarlane, RA Salvatore, and some other famous guy I cant think of. The game is more action oriented than skyrim and although the graphics aren't as realistic, they were still very nice looking nonetheless. The main thing that I think that really hurt this game was the fact that it came out right when Skyrim was first realeased. So of course everybody was on Skyrims ballz and never gave this a glance. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by 어진혁 Skyrim is fun but I'm getting sick of people saying it's the best game in the world every time. Even when I say the word "game" it always leads up to skyrim.As for COD I meant that gta5 deserve the overrated status while cod doesn't deserve it. I mean how are people satisfied with copy and pasted game? Sure the multiplayer is fun but I don't think I 'll be satisfied with that Do you know how ironic and retarded that sounds like ? It's like if I said I hate hard games and then proceeded to play Ninja Gaiden or Touhou and cry about how hard it is. Yeah, ironic and retarded. As for overrated game, obviously Call of duty passed MW, just the same old thing. Enemies tries taking the world with high tech or nuclear weapons, this one team saves it all. Beyond two souls, some things just didn't make sense and the ''go around in the time line'' is confusing at first. I loved Heavy rain, but BTS is just not as good like everyone says. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Overrated - CoD. What do people see in this game? It's the same thing over and over again. Quick, shoot enemies for no apparent reason while we try and hide how bad this game is! The developers are just dribbling on a computer and making shapes of guns out saliva. Dishonorable Mentions Minecraft, FIFA and GTA5. Underrated - BattleBlock Theater. I waited years for this game and got into the closed beta. It isn't as popular as Castle Crashers but I really like it. The heads you can get for your character are all creative and the multiplayer is fun. Obviously being restricted to the 360 is a major restriction to how many people play it. Honorable Mentions Dishonored, FFXIV: ARR and Mirrors Edge. 
 My Anime List
 To be honest, every video game is either underrated or overrated, someone in the world would think it would be one or the other. Call of Duty is obviously a very overrated game because it is the same idea, placed under a different name. However, because of its simplicity - people still enjoy the game, which I don't see a problem in, I admit, thats the reason that I enjoy the game (but I won't buy every single game tbh, I only have Black Ops 2 - and will stay with that). I also think that GTA shares the same kind of title here. I don't really have a video game that I view as underrated though...Not on my mind right now. 
 
 Most overrated? There are a lot, I'd rank Half-Life 2 pretty high up there. Started playing it multiple times in the past, never finished it any of those times because it just seemed way too generic to keep me interested. I've never understood the appeal, but I've never been a Valve fan in general, so there's that. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Underrated: 999: Probably one of the best stories in a game. Average point and click puzzle gameplay, but still fun (did I mention great story and soundtrack?) Brutal Legend: Never really hear anyone say anything about this game, good or bad, but come on. It's a game about a metal fantasy world. With Cars. And Jack Black. And Ozzy Osbourne. Need I say more? Rune Factory Frontier: Harvest moon on all kinds of performance enhancing drugs. I recommend- nay, I implore any fan of Anime to check it out! Overrated: Rage: Everyone seemed to love this game, but I didn't get it. To me it was just another FPS that was trying to scream "Hey, we're just as good as borderlands!" CoD:No brainer Originally Posted by Narippo-KatekyoBleachborn GTA 4 - THis may be a shocker to some Yep, totally a step down from San Andreas. No planes, hardly any customization, repetitive missions (drive here, shoot that, shoot here, drive that) and lack luster multiplayer. Still remember the night before the GTAV multiplayer trailer was released when we were talking about hopes for GTA online 
 Originally Posted by Jaybeegee Underrated: 999: Probably one of the best stories in a game. Average point and click puzzle gameplay, but still fun (did I mention great story and soundtrack?) Brutal Legend: Never really hear anyone say anything about this game, good or bad, but come on. It's a game about a metal fantasy world. With Cars. And Jack Black. And Ozzy Osbourne. Need I say more? Rune Factory Frontier: Harvest moon on all kinds of performance enhancing drugs. I recommend- nay, I implore any fan of Anime to check it out! Overrated: Rage: Everyone seemed to love this game, but I didn't get it. To me it was just another FPS that was trying to scream "Hey, we're just as good as borderlands!" CoD:No brainer Yep, totally a step down from San Andreas. No planes, hardly any customization, repetitive missions (drive here, shoot that, shoot here, drive that) and lack luster multiplayer. Still remember the night before the GTAV multiplayer trailer was released when we were talking about hopes for GTA online The greatest hommage to the metal gods ever! No need to mention the soundtrack, but the moment Rob Halford came screaming : I am Liooooonnnnwhyyyteee! Is fu**** epic !! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
 So basically this is a "I'm butthurt bacause everyone likes a game that I don't like and they don't give a **** about a game I really like" thread? 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
 Originally Posted by Pass_The_M So basically this is a "I'm butthurt bacause everyone likes a game that I don't like and they don't give a **** about a game I really like" thread? No not really.. Just literally wondering, what games people thought were overrated and underrated... Don't really get why you posted that, doesn't go anywhere. This thread had gone pretty quiet.. bit of a pointless post... 
 I've always felt the Call of Duty series and most Valve games were overrated. I'm sick of the constant hype around Call of Duty, because it's really just the same thing over and over. While I absolutely love Valve games, ones like the Portal and Half-Life games and TF2 have gotten pretty overrated because literally every conversation ever had about them is about how revolutionary they apparently are and it gets tiring after a while. I don't have a specific title for what I think is underrated, but I do think modded games and content don't get enough love. I'm talking things like fan expansions for games and custom quests for existing games. People put their all into some of these, and they deserve some sort of appreciation. 
 HONK :O) 
 @altoxicity - back when xplay was still on they showed mods for skyrim. I think they gave some mod love once in awhile for other stuff too. Damn I miss that show.... Back when Adam and Abby were on it. Feedback on the website was a fun show to watch too.... I liked all the hosts but it was more fun when Adam was on. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 underrated games, The Golden Sun saga was one of the most epic series of games ive played to date, You start as a boy and his friend learning magic called "Psyenergy" you wind up adding more people to your party in this rpg game, and they even made a sewuel and another for the DS. other than that id say Dragon Quest 8. 
 Originally Posted by chiisana akuma Do you know how ironic and retarded that sounds like ? It's like if I said I hate hard games and then proceeded to play Ninja Gaiden or Touhou and cry about how hard it is. Yeah, ironic and retarded. As for overrated game, obviously Call of duty passed MW, just the same old thing. Enemies tries taking the world with high tech or nuclear weapons, this one team saves it all. Beyond two souls, some things just didn't make sense and the ''go around in the time line'' is confusing at first. I loved Heavy rain, but BTS is just not as good like everyone says. Honestly I don't see how it is ironic and retarded. I just think gta5 deserves the overrated status because it 's good game while cod doesn't deserve its recognition because of the copy and pasted multiplayer every time. Sure they just bring up "new" things to the table. I don't see how you think my statement was retarded and ironic. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
