http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?135939-Fantasy-Books/page6
 Fantasy Books - Page 6
 Recently I've gotten into fantasy and fiction. Just finished Conan the Cimmarian by Robert E. Howard. It was really cool stuff. I love how he describes fight scenes. I felt like a kid again. To think this was written more than 80 years ago. I want to check out his Solomon Cane stories, but those are more horror. I saw a documentary on H.P. Lovecraft, but never read his stuff. I don't think it would be my cup of tea. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 I actually started reading Mistborn by recommendation of a friend. He was like "you should read it, the main character is a lot like you in ways." Hah, some things yes. I really can identify a lot with her. It's a great series. Already half way through the second book. I highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it. I've also started reading Trudy Cadavan's "Thief's Magic," which is well written as well. I stopped half way through because it's a large hardback copy and I can't take it with me on the bus when I go to work. Too big to lug around. However, I will finish it once I finish the Trilogy I'm reading. I've been reading a silly one that's a bit of a cross over between Sci-fi and fantasy. "The Long Earth" by Steven Baxter and Terry Pratchett. It's also part of a trilogy. It's pretty funny if you like black humour. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Mistborn was one of my earlier fantasy reads. Definitely one of the must-read fantasy series, as is a lot of Sanderson stuff. When you finish that I highly recommend starting The Stormlight Archives. It's probably Sanderson's best work so far, even above Mistborn. 
 If anyone likes Pulp Fiction Sci-fi check out this youtube channel. https://www.youtube.com/user/NewThinkable It's mostly sci-fi but there is some fantasy as well. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Mistborn was one of my earlier fantasy reads. Definitely one of the must-read fantasy series, as is a lot of Sanderson stuff. When you finish that I highly recommend starting The Stormlight Archives. It's probably Sanderson's best work so far, even above Mistborn. I do have Alloy of Law. I bought it while I was still trying to get my hands on The Hero of Ages, which I have finished. (Bus travel means I get through a lot of reading.) It's the first book in a shorter Mistborn-related trilogy that he wrote while finishing The Wheel of Time. He also intends Mistborn to be a trilogy of trilogies which is pretty cool since I loved the first one. The Alloy of Law and it's sequels is not part of that original set of trilogies, only meant as a side story. The Vin story set in the past, 2nd Trilogy to be set in a time similar to 20th Century Earth and the third to be a futuristic science fiction story. It'll be interesting to see how he evolves it. I will take you up on that suggestion though and read The Stormlight Archives. I looked it up and it does look promising. I like him better than Hobb now. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I never heard that about Mistborn. Fascinating, but I still need to read the second book of the Stormlight Archive. I really love the first one. Sanderson is that author taking over from Salvatore and Jordan. Really great stuff 

 Ugh. OK, I can't trust GoodReads ratings apparently. If you go down the best books list on GoodReads, you can see a lot of amazing fantasy. Game of Thrones is up there. The Name of the Wind--possibly the single best fantasy book ever written--is highly rated. It helped me discover The Demon Cycle, which quickly became one of my favorite fantasy books of all time. There is just so much quality stuff on GoodReads and the rating system seemed to be good. That was until I got the first book of the Throne of Glass series, and 15% of my way in realized it was nothing but diarrhea. Rated 4.25 and I can't even believe how bad it is. I think I could write a better fantasy book. It's basically about a young girl assassin who just imagines how she could kill everyone around her for 80% of the internal thoughts, its prose is as bad as junior high school short story competitions, and the very premise of it is just lame and overdone. What a waste of money. Now I have that **** on my Kindle for no reason. 
 Speaking of A Game of Thrones, I'm actually slightly afraid to read the A Song of Ice and Fire series now. I've never got into Game of Thrones and was considering watching it. A friend said that I should read the books first. Then he went on to say that he was very disappointed by the third book and stopped right there, scared to read any further for fear of it getting even worse. lol. When a series deteriorates, I am like that as well and I just can't bring myself to finish it. I do trust his judgement. Does it improve, or get worse as it goes on? 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple Speaking of A Game of Thrones, I'm actually slightly afraid to read the A Song of Ice and Fire series now. I've never got into Game of Thrones and was considering watching it. A friend said that I should read the books first. Then he went on to say that he was very disappointed by the third book and stopped right there, scared to read any further for fear of it getting even worse. lol. When a series deteriorates, I am like that as well and I just can't bring myself to finish it. I do trust his judgement. Does it improve, or get worse as it goes on? Books 1-3 are some of the best fantasy I've ever read. Book 4 is hard to follow but still easy to appreciate. It just slows down. It's still good fantasy. Book 5 was actually quite good in a lot of respects. The main problem with GoT is that it gets very confusing because he tends to introduce a lot of characters that you think you should know, but can't possibly remember. 
 The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, if you haven't read it before. Seriously one of the best fantasy series I've read. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Ugh. OK, I can't trust GoodReads ratings apparently. If you go down the best books list on GoodReads, you can see a lot of amazing fantasy. Game of Thrones is up there. The Name of the Wind--possibly the single best fantasy book ever written--is highly rated. It helped me discover The Demon Cycle, which quickly became one of my favorite fantasy books of all time. There is just so much quality stuff on GoodReads and the rating system seemed to be good. That was until I got the first book of the Throne of Glass series, and 15% of my way in realized it was nothing but diarrhea. Rated 4.25 and I can't even believe how bad it is. I think I could write a better fantasy book. It's basically about a young girl assassin who just imagines how she could kill everyone around her for 80% of the internal thoughts, its prose is as bad as junior high school short story competitions, and the very premise of it is just lame and overdone. What a waste of money. Now I have that **** on my Kindle for no reason. I'm not sure if popularity is a good measuring tool. I mean websites of all sorts (metacritic, rotten tomatoes) all have their own opinions and often find myself disagreeing with the lot of them. I mean lots of things are popular but are just ****. So right there popularity has nothing to do with quality. And websites like these often **** on the unconventional. I'm sure game of thrones at some point was unheard of, and there is prob many literature that we haven't heard of that are going to become part of pop culture eventually. I do like goodreads though. But I often feel like the reviews only make sense for the demographic it's aimed at. But 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Books 1-3 are some of the best fantasy I've ever read. Book 4 is hard to follow but still easy to appreciate. It just slows down. It's still good fantasy. Book 5 was actually quite good in a lot of respects. The main problem with GoT is that it gets very confusing because he tends to introduce a lot of characters that you think you should know, but can't possibly remember. Yeah, come to think of it, he may have put emphasis on the first 3 being great and the next one being ****. A lot of longer series tend to wind on. You know, when they would have been great as a trilogy. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 If any of you like the idea of helpless, street rat becoming a master assassin, I'd suggest the Night Angel Trilogy. It's set in a fantasy world, that has magic, and it's pretty much everything I've hoped for in a book. It starts a bit slow though, what with the background of everything since it's a brand new world. 
My friends at school call me Yuno, though I'm a boy, but you can call me Panther if you'd rather. "A half moon, it has a dark half and a bright half, just like me" - Yuno Gasai PantherSlash's Anime List League of Legends NA: PantherSlash 
 Night Angel Trilogy was really good... the last one was pretty devastating though. For more quality stuff by Brent Weeks you should check out Lightbringer. It's one of my favorites and book by book it just keeps getting better. The third installment just came out and I'm a bit sad that the next one will be the last. 
 It's a new year and January is going to be a pretty good month for fantasy! First on the list we have Firefight which came out yesterday. This is a sequel to Steelheart from The Reckoners, a Sanderson novel about a world where a small minority of the population suddenly developed superhuman powers, which also induce psychosis. It's a pretty young adult kind of prose, but certainly enjoyable. I'm 40% of the way in and while not as good as the first, it's still been a nice read. On the 11th the second installment of Chronicle of the Unhewn Throne is going to be released. The first book was absolutely amazing and I can't wait for the new one. Unfortunately we won't see Doors of Stone this year. Patrick Rothfuss apparently won't get off his lazy ass to finish the goddamn trilogy yet so at this point he's gone full George RR Martin. 
 @Shannon if you are still considering ASOIF please DON'T, I'll explain. I first got into the series in high school(2000) when book 3 came out, at the time it was 3 of the best books I had ever read. Then 5 years go by and we get half a book(feast for crows only has half the PoV chars and is bad), with the explanation the other half(dance with dragons) will be out shortly. Fast forward to 2011 and GRRM finally gets off his lazy ass to release book 5 because GoT was coming out and he wanted to cash in on the extra advertising. It's now 2015, the TV series is about caught up, and there is no estimate for the next book release. So since 2000 he has updated each PoV character ONCE. This will be the first thing I'm aware of that started as a book series and finishes as a TV series, which is kinda interesting but if have haven't started the books DON'T DO IT there is too much other good stuff out there. If you like darker themed stuff either First Law(Joe Abercrombie), Farseer(Robin Hobb), or Black Company(Glen Cook) are all much better choices. Better yet they are all finished so you don't have to wait 15 years for another book. 
 @AKAnime: Yeah so from what I gather from ASOIF is that the first three books are excellent as a trilogy, then it gets dragged out. From your list, I've read the Farseer Trilogy. I am currently reading The Stormlight Archive, which was a suggestion from BuddyLee. I really enjoyed Mistborn, so was drawn to it then. Just got my hands on Words of Radiance today, but halfway through part 2 of The Way of Kings. I was making poor progress with reading since Christmas because work was a bit mental. I do have a reading list though. Books that I own but have not yet read, or only read a few chapters of. lol. I got sidetracked by suggestions. XD. - All three current books of the Gentleman Bastard series by Scott Lynch - Steelheart by Brandon Sanderson - The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss - First Book of The Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan. (I actually have the last 3 in hardback because I got them on sale for 2 euro each (warehouse damaged, very slightly with black marks on the edges), so I will read the series eventually.) - The Long Earth and The Long War by Terry Pratchett & Stephen Baxter - Thief's Magic - Trudi Cadavan And a couple other ones. These will keep me going for several months 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I've read the first two books in The Gentlemen Bastards series. Brilliant writing. If you like books about thieves, it's a slam dunk. From your list, I definitely recommend lining up The Kingkiller Chronicle (Name of the Wind) next. Patrick Rothfuss could narrate a drunk man puking in a gutter and I'd be moved by his prose. He and Abercrombie are likely the best writers in fantasy today. 
 That's a pretty damn good reading list, only one I haven't read is The Long Earth and The Long War. Since I'm in the fantasy thread might as well have a ramble about book series. Brandon Sanderson- The pace he puts out books is astonishing. Reckoners isn't as good as his other stuff, but this is only by comparison to Mistborn and SA. SA is my current favorite ongoing series, and I'd say Warbreaker is his best standalone. Malazan Book of the Fallen- I'd rate this the best completed big series. Easy to get lost at the start as you are literally dropped into the middle of a war with magic flying everywhere, but don't give up, it's the most complex and detailed world building I've ever seen. Can get a little introspective at times but overall excellent. Wheel of Time- Starts out awesome, gets bogged down in the middle, but then goes back to great. Quite an investment of time though, but still good. Sword of Truth- The first book is actually pretty good, don't let this fool you, it's a terrible series. First Law- Intentionally sets up a very generic fantasy plot in the first book. Then takes that plot out back, shoots it, burns it to ashes, and dances around laughing maniacally. VERY dark, but an excellent read if you are in the mood for it. Kingkiller- Very much journey before destination. Some people complain about his pacing, but I think Rothfuss tells a beautiful story, and his prose is well done. 
 The Long Earth, The Long War and The Long Mars are 3 separate books written as a collaboration between Pratchett and Baxter. Baxter being a writer of Sci-fi. They are not the best ever, but the premise is great. I have read part of the first book. I need to go back and finish it though when I get some time. Bear in mind that it is Young Adult, or at least, I would label it so. I didn't know that when I bought it as it wasn't in the YA section. Bought it before Mistborn and put it on hold. It's still good though in a twisted, humourous sort of way. Not one to be taken seriously at all. Come on, it has a coca-cola vending machine that used to be a Tibetan Monk and wants to go on an adventure with the protagonist. lol. His consciousness was transferred to the machine as we are told at the beginning. I wouldn't say it's the best ever that I've seen from Pratchett, but I do love his humour. XD. If you remember a TV show called Sliders, it has a bit of that thrown in. They use a sliding machine powered by a potato to "slide" between uninhabited Earths. At least, I think they are uninhabited. That of course is something to discover through reading. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I have finished ASOIAF and the three Dunk and Egg novellas. While I am waiting on GRRM to release the sixth book (which is hopefully soon...) Do any of you have a recommendation on something similar to fill the void while I wait? I just started the Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan, I am about 250 pages into the first book and was wondering if anyone had an opinion on the series (is it worth reading etc)? 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Originally Posted by Absalon I have finished ASOIAF and the three Dunk and Egg novellas. While I am waiting on GRRM to release the sixth book (which is hopefully soon...) Do any of you have a recommendation on something similar to fill the void while I wait? I just started the Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan, I am about 250 pages into the first book and was wondering if anyone had an opinion on the series (is it worth reading etc)? Wheel of Time is a decent series. I wouldn't suggest it if you're still new to fantasy because there's much better stuff out there. Here are a few books that you might enjoy. GOAT fantasy: The Kingkiller Chronicle The First Law Trilogy The Stormlight Archive Fun magic-based fantasy: Lightbringer Mistborn The Reckoners Magician The Dresden Files Thieves: The Gentlemen Bastards (Lies of Locke Lamora) Assassins: Assassin's Apprentice The Night Angel Trilogy 
