http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?111091-quot-What-Anime-Is-This-!-quot-Ask-for-help-from-fellow-enthusiasts/page40
 "What Anime Is This?!" - Ask for help from fellow enthusiasts. - Page 40
 Originally Posted by Exlizion What anime is this girl from? She is the one on the left with the scar on her stomach. http://www.manga2u.me/Attack_on_Titan/32/01 Thanks Sankarea. Guy wants a zombie girlfriend, so makes one... 

 Who are these characters? 
 @Sadot, Google is your friend... 1- Ergo Proxy 2- Bakemonogatari 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured @Sadot, Google is your friend... 1- Ergo Proxy 2- Bakemonogatari Thanks! But how would Google help me? I'd need the names to search and if I had those I wouldn't need to post the question here. 
 Lemme give you a tut for google image search young padawan: Step 1. Go to google images. (mine is in danish) Step 2. Press the picture icon and you will see this (keep in mind, mine's in danish) : Step 3: Insert the URL for the picture of gif you wish to search for and press "Search". (Again, mine's in danish) Then you should be getting a lot of results and you should be able to find out the source that way. 
 Which Anime? (mystery image) From which anime does this image comes from? It is a screen shot from an anime I forgot about. It shows a flag carried by soldiers entering a fighting arena. (how can I attach an image from my computer?) [IMG][/IMG] 
 Last edited by eltodesukane@gmail.com; 10-08-2013 at 05:25 PM. Reason: please edit your post to add extra info. 
 You can't. You need to upload it to photobucket or something, or put the image url in [IMG] tags. EDIT: Send a PM to Shian Kiri and ask him to change your username for you. The mod ability to do that hasn't been returned yet. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Hi everyone,trying to find an anime I've always wanted to finish watching but never had at chance. *It was about spaceships and *these spaceships used their captains psychic/mind energy , *the ships they were represented by an hologram that looked very real(and sexy) they also fought with what seemed to be light swords.* I remember one scene where another captain(female) of a ship was fully connected and imprisoned by her own ship.If i remember correctly it was a male lead. Sorry if i lack information. 
 Originally Posted by mrgamer Hi everyone,trying to find an anime I've always wanted to finish watching but never had at chance. *It was about spaceships and *these spaceships used their captains psychic/mind energy , *the ships they were represented by an hologram that looked very real(and sexy) they also fought with what seemed to be light swords.* I remember one scene where another captain(female) of a ship was fully connected and imprisoned by her own ship.If i remember correctly it was a male lead. Sorry if i lack information. Might be Aquarion, maybe not 
 Originally Posted by Eamonisgod Might be Aquarion, maybe not Its not mecha,Even tho Aquarion looks good,the anime i'm looking for is at least over 10 years old minimum(i think its about 15 old). 
 Originally Posted by Seta-San okay.. this was the scenario of one episode of an anime I've seen. can't remember. please help. A little ghost girl who is vengeful at her mother because she died in a house fire. By the end of the episode chains from hell eventually start to pull the girl down and when this happens she finally remembers that she started the fire by leaving clothes on a heater. She's saved from hell and every thing is good. I'm leaning towards bleach but i serious can't remember. I remember this ep, the anime is definitely Inuyasha. 
 Hi, new here. Registering to ask for some help in finding a short anime I saw a few years ago that I don't remember the name to. It may have been from the 80's or the 90's and perhaps 20 minutes long. I think it is regarded as a classic. It's about a young guy struggling to learn to play the violin, and his teacher isn't too pleased with him. He sits in a small cabin, and eventually gets help from various animals to learn a variety of techniques. A mouse I think, a cat and a bird. That's what I remember, any help is appreciated. Thanks. 
 what anime is this? 
 Last edited by Kuze the Devil; 10-23-2013 at 03:28 AM. 
 Lost Universe (Japanese: ロスト・ユニバース lit. Rosuto Yunibāsu) this is what i was looking for D finally found it by remembering the dark star. 
 It was a long time ago, so I can't remember much, but I really want to see this anime again. All I can remember is that the characters of said anime die(I think) and have a dream. They wake up with no memory of anything, except for what their dream was about. The dream determines their name. Oh and they wake up in a cocoon and end up getting wings, very painfully I might add. They live in a town that seems to be accepting of them, but they don't go out much. Also, the main character can't remember her dream. I think that's it. I might have gotten some details wrong, but that's everything. Thanks! 
 Originally Posted by RageSkittles It was a long time ago, so I can't remember much, but I really want to see this anime again. All I can remember is that the characters of said anime die(I think) and have a dream. They wake up with no memory of anything, except for what their dream was about. The dream determines their name. Oh and they wake up in a cocoon and end up getting wings, very painfully I might add. They live in a town that seems to be accepting of them, but they don't go out much. Also, the main character can't remember her dream. I think that's it. I might have gotten some details wrong, but that's everything. Thanks! The name of the anime could be Haibane Renmei. Here's a link. Check it out: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haibane_Renmei 
 Hey guys. So I found this random anime online that seemed pretty good but I totally forget what the name is. Here are all the details I remember: 1) Main character is a guy who got speared right through his chest by a monster, but he woke up thinking it was a dream when in reality some girl placed a device into his chest to give him life again. 2) This device also gives the ability to summon a weapon for that person to use. 3) The girl's weapon is a bunch of knives connected to metal poles that are attached to her legs. 4) The main character's weapon is a giant spear or lance. 5) In the first episode, the main character's sister goes looking for him at the school because he had to stay after to pull weeds. She ends up getting eaten for a short duration by the same monster that killed him in the beginning of the episode. That's pretty much all I remember. I tried google searching for it but nothing seems familiar. I'd really like to keep on watching that anime and I appreciate the help. Thanks! 
 Originally Posted by ThrowawayAccount Hey guys. So I found this random anime online that seemed pretty good but I totally forget what the name is. Here are all the details I remember: 1) Main character is a guy who got speared right through his chest by a monster, but he woke up thinking it was a dream when in reality some girl placed a device into his chest to give him life again. 2) This device also gives the ability to summon a weapon for that person to use. 3) The girl's weapon is a bunch of knives connected to metal poles that are attached to her legs. 4) The main character's weapon is a giant spear or lance. 5) In the first episode, the main character's sister goes looking for him at the school because he had to stay after to pull weeds. She ends up getting eaten for a short duration by the same monster that killed him in the beginning of the episode. That's pretty much all I remember. I tried google searching for it but nothing seems familiar. I'd really like to keep on watching that anime and I appreciate the help. Thanks! Busou Renkin. One of my favourites. 
 Originally Posted by RageSkittles It was a long time ago, so I can't remember much, but I really want to see this anime again. All I can remember is that the characters of said anime die(I think) and have a dream. They wake up with no memory of anything, except for what their dream was about. The dream determines their name. Oh and they wake up in a cocoon and end up getting wings, very painfully I might add. They live in a town that seems to be accepting of them, but they don't go out much. Also, the main character can't remember her dream. I think that's it. I might have gotten some details wrong, but that's everything. Thanks! Yeah, that's definitely Haibane Renmei. Good taste, it's one of my favourite anime. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 Sorry for being lazy but I can't remember the name of this series. It is a Harem/Ecchi/Comedy where various demons from the Cthulhu mythos show up at the protagonists home. His mother is a demon hunter and she uses forks as weapons. I know it is recent but I just can't think of the name. Thanks. 

 Originally Posted by Kuroki Busou Renkin. One of my favourites. Bah you beat me to it, , yea It's Busou Renkin Throwawayacount(lol), It's a pretty damn good anime. 
 Originally Posted by Finfan Sorry for being lazy but I can't remember the name of this series. It is a Harem/Ecchi/Comedy where various demons from the Cthulhu mythos show up at the protagonists home. His mother is a demon hunter and she uses forks as weapons. I know it is recent but I just can't think of the name. Thanks. It's Haiyoure! Nyaruko-san. 
★★★★★★★★★★★ ismycomputeron.com
 Originally Posted by Chrïst-o It's Haiyoure! Nyaruko-san. Thanks so much! 

 what anime is this from? 
 Originally Posted by amyyy what anime is this from? I think this is Fumio Hoshino from the anime Kimi ga Nozomu Eien (The Eternity You Desire) aka Kiminozo. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimi_ga...ien#Characters 
