http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158593-Fate-Stay-Night-Unlimited-Blade-Works/page3
[Fantasy] Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works - Page 3
 At least they showed him starting to train with two swords because in earlier works Shiro knew how to use two swords from the first try. And riders death is different. 
 Last edited by J4sm1n4; 12-07-2014 at 06:20 AM. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Okay I just really wanna know why Gilgamesh is hanging around Sakuras house?? 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Just keep watching and you'll find out (: It is different from deen's movie indeed. Also be reminded that this is UBW story route, which is different from FSN route. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Fainally!! he got his weapons! geting a little more interesting.... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Ended when it got intresting all the sudden! tch! I loved when Shiro was on his knees looking at the disappearing figure of Rin! Rin is the best! hehehe I guess I will be waiting for next season. at least I think there should be a second season...right? 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 2nd season starts in April. 
 
 Sighhhhhhhhhh Aprillllll I'll just watch Aldnoah Zero 2 for now and wait I guess... Btw, most of the action occurs during the 2nd half for people who dont know the storyline. 

 I'm a fan of the Fate series.. What exactly is this Fate about? 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 @4XDBLACK Its about the second route of the Visual Novel, in this route Shirou's ideal "to save everyone" reveales its defects and its consequences. 
 Its really different from the Fate route. Theres 3 routes, Fate (animated by DEEN back in like 2006), Unlimited Blade Works (this one), and Heavens Feel (movie coming next year animated by ufotable, very macabre but my favorite route). 

 WHYY APRILLL. I NEED MORE RIN *rage* 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by jugger WHYY APRILLL. I NEED MORE RIN *rage* Here a little present to help you calm down! 
 Having watched ep12 yesterday, it now saddens me to remember that other tv anime is not made to such a ridiculously high standard :/ 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Originally Posted by Revive and Heavens Feel (movie coming next year animated by ufotable, very macabre but my favorite route). Just a movie? They struggled fitting what they did in their last movie. I think it would be safer doing a series. I just hope they can fit it all in and make it work, and overall make sense. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Originally Posted by Zainox Just a movie? They struggled fitting what they did in their last movie. I think it would be safer doing a series. I just hope they can fit it all in and make it work, and overall make sense. I hope Ufotable will do like Kara no Kyoukai, a series of movies. Heavens Feel route is the most complicated route. It can't fit only in a movie. 
 Heaven's Feel will definitely be a series of movies. Theres absolutely no way something like that could fit in a single one. I feel like I heard that it was 3 movies a while back, but I can't entirely remember. 

 Originally Posted by Gaff Having watched ep12 yesterday, it now saddens me to remember that other tv anime is not made to such a ridiculously high standard :/ To compare them now, Deen's work is like a joke XD Heavens Feel should be in series of movies I agree, but is that really confirmed? I haven't seen any news yet And thanks for the pic, Final. I'm feeling *very slightly* better now 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 You're welcome Jugger! Deen's work had some defects, but I loved it a lot, especially the ending part! Even though in the Visual Novel it was more touching... For Heaven's feel we can only trust Ufotable and his Unlimited Budget Works! 
