http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?131356-Heart-Wrenching-Romance-Drama-Tragedy-Anime
 Heart Wrenching Romance/Drama/Tragedy Anime?
 Hey There! ^^ I've just finished watching "Angel Beats" and am now looking for my next emotional roller coaster. If anybody has any shows that can literally make me burst into tears like "Clannad", "Kanon", "Angel Beats" and so many more let me know! (Yes I've seen Clannad: After Story) Sincerely, Monzta 
 The trouble with girls is they're so damn pretty ; Everything about them does somethin' to me But I guess that's the way it's supposed to be ; They smile that smile ; They bat those eyes They steal you with hello ; They kill you with Goodbye ; They hook you with one touch ; And you can't break free Yeah the trouble with girls ; Is nobody loves trouble as much as me Check Out My Youtube: Click Here You Can Catch Me On Twitter: Click Here 
 Ano hi mita hana no namae o bokutachi wa mada shiranai Air Rumbling hearts Those are the only heart wrenching ones that come to mind. 
 Originally Posted by dmmj Ano hi mita hana no namae o bokutachi wa mada shiranai Air Rumbling hearts Those are the only heart wrenching ones that come to mind. I've seen air and rumbling hearts so I'll check the other one out. Thanks for the suggestions! 
 The trouble with girls is they're so damn pretty ; Everything about them does somethin' to me But I guess that's the way it's supposed to be ; They smile that smile ; They bat those eyes They steal you with hello ; They kill you with Goodbye ; They hook you with one touch ; And you can't break free Yeah the trouble with girls ; Is nobody loves trouble as much as me Check Out My Youtube: Click Here You Can Catch Me On Twitter: Click Here 
 Have you tried: H2O-Footprints in the sand Myself; Yourself 
  Spoiler PM me to join the A-4 Dragonball Club
 Ano hi mita hana no namae o bokutachi wa mada shiranai This, definitely. Also consider 'True Tears' 
 
 If you don't mind Magical Girl anime, Princess Tutu is an original, rollercoaster-like series that's known to have broken many hearts. Whether or not it's a tragedy is something you'll have to judge for yourself when the time comes, though. If it doesn't necessarily have to end in misery (and you still don't mind Magical Girls), then... Pretear is a thirteen episode long anime that gathers a lot of complicated, unhappy memento as it chugs along. It also cuts out a lot of the repetitive scenes that most Magical Girl anime includes, so it focuses heavily on plot. And if you can abide with it long enough, Kamikaze Kaitou Jeanne turns into a massive struggle in the second season. Outside of Magical Girls, the only thing I can think of right now would be Chrono Crusade / Chrno Crusade. It gets to the "dark" bits very quickly... (Sorry that I don't know anything that bases its plot solely on drama. ^_^') 
 "Character, like a photograph, develops in darkness." - Yousuf Karsh
 I strongly suggest you watch School Days. It'll send you on one hell of a roller coaster if that's what you're looking for. 
 Originally Posted by DeaththeKid I strongly suggest you watch School Days. It'll send you on one hell of a roller coaster if that's what you're looking for. heh, more of a blood-boiling romance than a heart-wrenching romance. I agree, though, School Days is great 
 
 Originally Posted by Caliburxcm This, definitely. Also consider 'True Tears' I'd like to second Caliburxcm on True Tears. Phantom: Requiem for the Phantom is another good selection. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Ano Hana Peach Girl Rumbling Hearts Give those a shot. Lots of other good ones have been said in this thread, or I'd have named more. :P 
 
 Originally Posted by DeaththeKid I strongly suggest you watch School Days. It'll send you on one hell of a roller coaster if that's what you're looking for. I've seen "School Days" I even started a thread on here entitled "[School Days] Were you prepared?" lol I HATED this anime just because it took it to the extremes... Well I wouldn't say "hated" so much as I was "Indifferent" just because that was just... too over the edge for me. lol 
 The trouble with girls is they're so damn pretty ; Everything about them does somethin' to me But I guess that's the way it's supposed to be ; They smile that smile ; They bat those eyes They steal you with hello ; They kill you with Goodbye ; They hook you with one touch ; And you can't break free Yeah the trouble with girls ; Is nobody loves trouble as much as me Check Out My Youtube: Click Here You Can Catch Me On Twitter: Click Here 
 School Days didn't make my heart wrench, it just made me angry increasingly from ep4 onward as opposed to other anime that did make me sad. 
  Spoiler PM me to join the A-4 Dragonball Club
 Uhm, well School Days, yes. It's very emotional, but not the emotions you'd expect from a romance. I enjoyed Shuffle!, but it takes sooo long to get into it. I think it's a bit of an acquired taste? 
 Ano Hana is definitely a heart wrenching anime. It's name translates to something like the flower we saw that day and is really long. https://www.google.com/search?q=ano+...hrome&ie=UTF-8 
 A lesson without pain is meaningless. That’s because you can not gain something without sacrificing something else in return. But, once you’ve over come the pain you will gain a heart that is stronger than anything else." Edward Elric—Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood
 Now you never have to ask again 
 KIKAIDER ;~; Idk if many people know this anime but wow...this anime made me cry like a lil ~female dog~ xD 
 Originally Posted by masonhales Now you never have to ask again Oh man, this answers so many questions... But I still appreciate these threads since I can also know what others thought about their shows. Sometimes, I actually follow series just from people's comments. 
 My Twitter: https://twitter.com/anigustudio My blog: http://anigu.com/wordpress/ Avan Story Discussion Thread
 Originally Posted by setsunalunar KIKAIDER ;~; Idk if many people know this anime but wow...this anime made me cry like a lil ~female dog~ xD Forgot all about this one. Been so long since I've actually seen it though. I've got to sit down and re-watch it. 
 Alrighty guys and gals, I've seen every anime you guys have suggested now so if anybody can think of anymore I'd greatly appreciate it! ^^ Thanks! 
 The trouble with girls is they're so damn pretty ; Everything about them does somethin' to me But I guess that's the way it's supposed to be ; They smile that smile ; They bat those eyes They steal you with hello ; They kill you with Goodbye ; They hook you with one touch ; And you can't break free Yeah the trouble with girls ; Is nobody loves trouble as much as me Check Out My Youtube: Click Here You Can Catch Me On Twitter: Click Here 
 I would like to request a sincere BUMP on this thread as I am out of shows 
 The trouble with girls is they're so damn pretty ; Everything about them does somethin' to me But I guess that's the way it's supposed to be ; They smile that smile ; They bat those eyes They steal you with hello ; They kill you with Goodbye ; They hook you with one touch ; And you can't break free Yeah the trouble with girls ; Is nobody loves trouble as much as me Check Out My Youtube: Click Here You Can Catch Me On Twitter: Click Here 
 These aren't heart wrenching but I still enjoyed/enjoying them. Space brothers Natsuyuki Rendezvous The ambition of oda nobuna Future diary ( this one is a little heart wrenching) 
 Created by norwegianmoose
 It's kind of an anime. I guess. There's this game called Catherine. Watch a playthrough of that. It's pretty crazy. 
 I would recommend you watch the first OVA of Samurai X called Trust and Betrayal or Tsuiokuhen. It tells the story of Kenshin's past and how he got his scars. It's not the school stuff most everybody here recommended but it's one hell of a tragedy. 
 REAL MEN WATCH CLANNAD 
 Not sure if your into psychological but X is a good anime with tragedy. http://toonzaki.com/x 
 hmm I recently watched Rumbling Hearts and I wasn't moved to tears, I didn't find it that emotional personally, but I do agree with you when it comes to Clannad and Clannad After Story, they are both tear jerkers. You could try Shuffle, Kanon 2006, Fruits Basket (even though I wasn't moved to tears, you might be. it's cute) and Ai Yori Aoshi, which I just started watching and so far I"m enjoying it. I don't know if I"m being helpful or not, but that's all I can think of, unless you'd like a longer anime that may or may not annoy you haha if so I recommend NANA, I loved it. 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
