http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?160026-Code-Lyoko
 Code Lyoko
 Code Lyoko is a French animated television series created by Thomas Romain and Tania Palumbo, produced by Moonscoop, and the English-language cast is Barbara Weber-Scaff, David Gasman, Matthew Géczy, Mirabelle Kirkland, and Sharon Mann. The series centers on a group of five teenagers who travel to the virtual world of Lyoko to battle against a malignant artificial intelligence named X.A.N.A. who threatens Earth. The series is presented in 2D hand-drawn animation and CGI, as well as live action film in later seasons. Jeremie Belpois, a profoundly gifted and intelligent thirteen-year old boy attending boarding school at the fictional Kadic Academy, one day discovers a quantum supercomputer in an abandoned factory near his school. Upon activating it, he discovers a virtual world called Lyoko and Aelita, a young girl trapped inside it. Afterward, unusual events begin to occur at school. Jeremie learns of X.A.N.A., an autonomous and sentient malevolent and rogue artificial intelligence/multi-agent system who also dwells within the supercomputer whose goal is to take over the real world. Jeremie soon forms a goal to materialize Aelita into the real world and stop X.A.N.A. in his tracks. With the help from Jeremie's best friends and classmates-Ulrich Stern, Odd Della Robbia, Yumi Ishiyama, and Aelita-the group goes to Lyoko in hope to save both worlds from the sinisterly evil virtual entity. I watched Code Lyoko when I was a kid. Back when I watched the 4Kidz version of One Piece. So a really long time ago. Eventually it came on Netflix and I was able to rewatch the entire series again. It was heaven. It's got a very similar feel to Anime, although it's made by the French and the characters are much younger than in most anime. But the biggest draw I've had with it was the plot. It's got some of the best twists and turns and development. It's story could easily surpass some other shows and anime. Even now I consider Code Lyoko as one of my favorite animated series. Even though I know all the characters are 13-14 years old, the show certainly does not give off that impression. It gives me a feel of older, more matured characters, as their decisions and actions are shown in middle of a crisis. The main antagonist also gives off a really ominous feel. I really enjoyed the dark and scary element of it, as well as the light hearted slice of life style. It's 99 episodes long and has another adaption continuing from where it left off with live action characters. The music was also really enjoyable (Techno). The animation has nothing special about it, but still fairly good. The only thing I didn't really like about it was the voices; they weren't horrible but they could get annoying at times. No different than some anime voices though IMO. I highly recommend it to anyone who has the time to watch a 99 episode long series. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. You can find the first two seasons on Hulu as well as the entire series on Youtube, albeit in 480p most of the time. Anyways, I hope you check it out. And if you've already watched it, please tell us what you thought of it! http://www.hulu.com/code-lyoko http://youtu.be/zaG1-Ge0cBA?list=PL8...cf-o8xL7YY416C 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
