http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?148689-best-shonen-with-NO-BS
 best shonen with NO BS
 like dbz, yu yu hakusho, and naruto as a kid and i am looking for something along those lines. i am watching attack on titan right now and it seems like it might have the same BS that those other shows had. by BS i mean mindless battles, pointless flashbacks of training or of characters that dont really matter, prolong deaths, childish jokes, fillers, dbz fight scene style of not being able to see the punch, ect.. any recommendations? i know its hard because shonen and bullshi+ go hand in hand 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Attack on Titan has next to none of that, but seeing as you dislike those things so much, why are you asking for shonen suggestions in the first place? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 i love attack on titan. i didnt mean to portray it in that way. i wrote that paragraph wrong. i just meant watching it week to week it just is starting to get hard and i want a show thats finished and i didnt want people to say things like fairy tail or hunter x hunter 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 i love attack on titan. i didnt mean to portray it in that way. i wrote that paragraph wrong. i just meant watching it week to week it just is starting to get hard and i want a show thats finished and i didnt want people to say things like fairy tail or hunter x hunter Fairy Tale is terrible. Hunter X Hunter is really good for the most part, finished or no you have lots of it to enjoy. If you haven't read the MANGA of FMA, do that. It's different from the show (at least the older show) and it's finished. The best shonen you can get into though (and no it's not finished yet, but there's no retarded hiatuses like HxH, and you have 70 books to enjoy) is One Piece. It's as popular as Mickey Mouse in Japan for a reason. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 You are right your not really going to get shounen that does not have bullsh**, try these though they have as little as your going to get however a few may lack the shounen feel Blue Exorcist JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Soul Eater - this one maybe sits on the line of bull and non bull Claymore - of course this is not shounen but you should give it a try Sengoku Basara - this isn't all that serious but try it maybe Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero Chrome Shelled Regios K Zetsuen no Tempest Zetman Mushibugyou Legend of Legendary Heroes Noein Sword Art Online 

 If i had to name a shounen series , similar to DbZ and Naruto , that has less bullshit , that would be Hunter x Hunter . As far as popular , long running shounen series go , this is as filler free as they get . And it's a pretty damn good one 
 
 Would Death Note do? 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 You might like bodacious space pirates and angelic layer 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 TORIKO! Just read the review and remember to never read or watch toriko on an empty stomach. You will get hungry since all of its food gourmet themed. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I'd try "Fullmetal Alchemist". Battles aren't all that mindless, flashbacks are meaningful, no fillers, low on childish jokes, might be what you're looking for. Then I second Your Friend's suggestion of "Claymore", it's as no-nonsense as battle mangas-animes can be. 
 Fairy Tail, Katekyo Hitman Reborn <-- Very good Anime! May take a few episodes to get into, but later on. It's brilliant! 
 Definitely, definitely try Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood. I'm an extremely picky person when it comes to anime and I have to say, FMA: Brotherhood was the best anime I had watched in the last decade. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I would heavily suggest watching Hunter x Hunter 2011, and reading Toriko's manga. (The anime is just...disappointing.) Also Magi is incredible both in anime and manga. 
