http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?137503-What-are-your-religious-beliefs
[Personal Life Discussions] What are your religious beliefs?
 My beliefs are atheistic but I find religion interesting. 

 I'm agnostic. I've had religion pushed down my throat so often that the thought of organized religion irritates me. I do, however, think there's something out there. Some sort of a higher being. 
Cool beans
 Pre-emptive note: I do not give a shite who is religious, atheist, agnostic or whatever else. If this thread turns into another 'you are dumb for believing x, y, z' or 'you are going to hell for x, y and z' this will be locked and infractions will follow for people who are involved in that. I think we can all be mature and respect what others believe/don't believe and not let this go the same way as most religion threads on here. OT: I'm Catholic. Sometimes religion threads like this can bring up some interesting things about other religions that I wouldn't otherwise have known. Since the OP didn't encourage any direction for the discussion, I'm just going to wait and see what gets brought to the table. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I was raised as A Baptist. However I'm not as religious as I was before..but I still do believe in God. (More or Less) 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 My belief is too hard to explain... Even I don't know what I believe... There is no evidence or pure logic to back up anything I come up with... I was raised catholic and go to church for easter and christmas. (would feel weird if I didn't after all these years) I believed what others believe until I read the bible -.- But meh, despite what I believe if anyone asks I'm catholic (roman catholic?) whats the difference? doesn't matter... But honestly, I don't care what religion or non religion or belief people have. If they believe in something, and it makes them feel good, then good for them. I approve. 
 Last edited by Pured; 01-19-2013 at 09:31 AM. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I'm a Catholic. Or, at least, I believe in the Catholic faith. The Church itself I don't always stand behind, but I am a practicing Catholic. For a while I struggled with believing, because after having all this religion shoved down your throat for 10 years... It just starts to sound pretty ****ing stupid. But I started over, actually read some of the new testament (which is sort of kind of the only part of the bible I actually try to follow. Those laws in Leviticus are batshit insane) and sort of renewed my faith. There's a lot of things out there that can't be explained by science, and in all honesty, I really just want some higher power to exist. I don't know. It sort of makes me feel like I have a purpose. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 I am a Mahayana Buddhist. I was raised in a Southern Baptist family, but it didn't feel​ right to me. 
College. 
 I am muslim. I don't practice. I stopped it 4-5 years ago. I used to pray a lot when I was younger and it made me feel good and positive. But for some reasons I stopped. I disagree on plenty of things when it comes to islam, for instance marriage. Though here,seriously no one cares for that. But I know that muslims who are really religious do. I also, don't like religion being shoved down your throat. I suppose that's what drove me off from it. I liked the thought though that my believing is something between me and God. What I like about every religion is when it spreads positive energy on people. I remember an youtube video of some muslim who was speaking about Quran, and it was pleasant to listen to him, I did not feel irritated at all. It's good when people can be happy and positive thanks to religion. 
 I wish people were more easy-going about religion and God. I'd rather live in a world where people could choose whether to join a religion of their own free will, without any pressure. That's not to say that we can't choose a religion ourselves. I only mean that people are always hounding others to join their religion or religious sect. I'm tired of people trying to push their beliefs onto me and make me go to church. It should be perfectly acceptable to do what you feel is right without pressure from others. 
Cool beans
 Originally Posted by Shiningstar My beliefs are atheistic but I find religion interesting. Same. The older i grow, It seems the more open I become to it. I'm fairly certain that I will begin to follow one when the time comes to have children, and lightly press it upon them as i wish my parents had done for me. 
 
 I'm a Catholic. Or, at least, I believe in the Catholic faith. The Church itself I don't always stand behind, but I am a practicing Catholic. For a while I struggled with believing, because after having all this religion shoved down your throat for 10 years... It just starts to sound pretty ****ing stupid. But I started over, actually read some of the new testament (which is sort of kind of the only part of the bible I actually try to follow. Those laws in Leviticus are batshit insane) and sort of renewed my faith. There's a lot of things out there that can't be explained by science, and in all honesty, I really just want some higher power to exist. I don't know. It sort of makes me feel like I have a purpose. Sounds like you're confused between what you believe might be real and what you wish to be real. --- Used to be catholic switched to atheism in my early teens. Mostly influenced by the fact that I wanted to meet god when I was a kid but couldn't do so personally and a man of evidence made not believe in God. The new generation of atheists can be just as bad as those annoying religious people. I've been invited to a couple of church events recently by personal friends and I think I only went there 1-2. It might have not had any significance spirituality to me, but i enjoyed the time with food, friends, meeting new people, and my friends rocking it out in the church which made me jealous . religious institutions exist regardless of whether God exists or not and I think that's what matters. 
 Not confused at all, actually. I believe in the Catholic faith. It's my belief that all that **** is real. I was just making a point that it's easier for me to accept faith because I want it to be real. Does that make sense? I'm not sure. Point is, I'm not confused... At least not any more. I know what I believe in. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 I'm Catholic, I do believe in God and go to the church every Sunday. 
 DynaBlade made this signature My Blog and YouTube channel :3  Spoiler http://www.hardpliers.blogspot.com/  Spoiler http://www.youtube.com/user/hardpliers Currently watching Sailor Moon
 We've had tons of these threads, it might be fun to go back through them some time and look at how my responses have changed since coming here. I know that when I started I was among a very..."special" few, intentionally causing trouble... I was born and raised into a Catholic church, and I even went to a Catholic school. I acted in some terrible ways as a kid due to circumstances beyond my control, and was eventually kicked out of Catholic school at a very young age. As I moved around the country I experienced a number of other religions, ultimately ending up in a Christian Methodist household until I went to college. During my time at the Methodist church I explored a number of other religions, questioning the things I was being taught at the church. Ultimately I rejected the idea that a divine being, or multiple divine beings existed, beyond that if there existed such beings they would not deserve worship. I came to this conclusion after several years at the Methodist church, but I still ended up attending the church to play for the praise band (handbell choir was pretty fun too, bonnnggggg) and talk to my friends. The more I reflect on my time in the Methodist church the more I realized that there were a lot of good things about the church. I had helped on different missions, which were funded through donations and ultimately what I saw were people helping people. It wasn't because they were attempting to secure a place in an eternal paradise, or because a divine being commanded it so. It was a bunch of people who wanted to take care of others. In general I really don't care what other people believe. It's useless to argue, and there is nothing to really gain through argument. It's stupid to hate someone for their religion, or to cut yourself off from a potentially amazing friendship because you feel the need to "be right." That being said I will acknowledge that I can be extremely sore about religion: I do not like to see others being taken advantage of, or otherwise hurt due to their involvement with religion. That's not to say that religion takes advantage of the individual or that religious institutions harm their followers, but there exist some cases out there in the world that get my blood boiling. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 I am LDS (The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints). Many of you might know it as being Mormon. Despite what many say, LDS is christian, and polygamy is no longer a church doctrine. I find that though some of the rules might be considered strict by many, they are helpful. With my attitude though, I would not talk about it unless asked. 
  Spoiler 
 i was raised in a christian household...but the thought of Jesus wanted me to throwup so..i'm atheist 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Sounds like you're confused between what you believe might be real and what you wish to be real. --- Used to be catholic switched to atheism in my early teens. Mostly influenced by the fact that I wanted to meet god when I was a kid but couldn't do so personally and a man of evidence made not believe in God. The new generation of atheists can be just as bad as those annoying religious people. I've been invited to a couple of church events recently by personal friends and I think I only went there 1-2. It might have not had any significance spirituality to me, but i enjoyed the time with food, friends, meeting new people, and my friends rocking it out in the church which made me jealous . religious institutions exist regardless of whether God exists or not and I think that's what matters. Wait I thought you were Greek? 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 I am an atheist. Probably the biggest reason for that is that my parents were not religious and therefore didn't raise me to believe in the same things they did. My mom let me choose what I wanted to believe in. She brought me to church as a kid simply to see if it would be something I would be interested in. I was not, and that was the last of it. I've always been a skeptic, as well, so despite the appeal of believing in some benevolent god watching over me and everything I do, I could never believe in it without proof--actual proof. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I was raised a non-religious. You could say that my beliefs were rooted in the golden rule and karma; basically that to do good and be kind will reap similar rewards. Spirituality was always something without doctrine, and the religion of my family was to be a good person. On the other hand, I also say that science was my religion. I placed my faith in 'science' and theory and to this day I still hold that Physics and Mathematics most accurately describes the causal forces in the universe. Upon studying philosophy at university, I came to find that people like me are called Functionalists, in short that the atomic inherency's of matter and their arrangement are directly responsible for the thoughts, actions, and outcomes of the universe. The derogatory philosophical term is "meatist" because we believe the physical 'meat' of the brain is directly responsible for the thoughts and actions we take. However, upon "deep" (400 level) examination of functionalism and the desire to keep the aspect of free will in tact, Functionalism fails. If you're a meatist, you can't believe in true free will because your brain is matter, and matter has causation only with other matter, meaning your thoughts are material and your decisions are reactionary only. I don't abide that, and I don't believe Science has proven the brain/body connection in a way to strongly prove it because we don't yet know enough about memory and thought. So, let me introduce you to Pantheism. In short, imagine to deposit with the most inherent property of matter (ex. quarks have up or down spin as their most singular inherent material property; but they're coming up with new sub sub atmoic particles all the time) there is also attached a massless 'bit' which is not material and thus cannot be conventionally measured. However these bits, termed "conscions" are fixed to their material bit, and obey causal laws just as matter does. This allows the development of non-physical mental states based on complexity. The experience of a rock is as simple as the molecular constitution, and is thus rather simple (so simple in fact that we humans have a hard time imagining it as experience at all). However, a complex creature of many materials and complex process (like a human system, which is really a huge system of systems [circulatory, pulmonary, digestive, etc.]); due to the arrangement of the PHYSICAL MATERIAL also allows for a complex experiential feature which allows us self-identification. The continuation of the theory goes to posit that planet and solar scale systems may be allowed similar experiential features, however just as the rock perspective is almost too simple to imagine, the self-identification of a solar system is something too vast for our perspective to even grasp. True this system has some philosophical hurdles to clear, the big two being differentiation between specific 'conscions' (i.e. which type determines which state-effects) and blending (how they work together to cause a specific experiential feature), but I think its the most accurate at marrying physics, science, universality, and preserving free will (which i fight to preserve) by allowing nonphysical objects to be products of physical arrangements and allow for causal action ON physical objects; thereby giving thought power. *edt: trying not to wall of text :/ 
 
 I'm a Muslim and I practice it; however, I don't preach to others because religion is matter of faith and faith comes from that individuals' heart. I'm not going to make you look like an idiot and put you down just because we don't see heart to heart in this specific subject. People who put down other people are just thinking they're the better person and how you were raised, believed in, and who you are is wrong. Even if someone put a gun or a knife on you, you will remain untouched because again, it's what that individual truly believes, and the least we can do is let them be and respect it. Cheers! 
 Last edited by Inferno; 01-19-2013 at 06:13 PM. 
What is a word made up of 4 letters, yet is also made up of 3. Sometimes is written with 9 letters, and then with 4. Rarely consists of 6, and never is written with 5.
 Originally Posted by Struggler My mom let me choose what I wanted to believe in. She brought me to church as a kid simply to see if it would be something I would be interested in. I was not, and that was the last of it. This is what I think is good. I don't like how parents and schools force you to follow their faith. A real belief is one that you decide on your own. Like 99.99% of people follow a religion because they were raised like that. I like it when people reach their 20s or 30s and then find a religion they like and they believe in. That is the true meaning of religious belief to me. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Was raised Orthodox Christian, but became a hard atheist fairly early on. My biggest influence was my Grandfather who was probably one of the kindest and greatest people I knew. At the same time, my Grandma was fairly religious, though not evangelical. But they never fought about it, or tried to convert each other. That dynamic within my family remains the same. My religious family knows that I'm an atheist, but do not judge me, or try to steer me back to the church. I return the courtesy by, respecting their beliefs. Live and Let Live. In the past, late teens early twenties, I was a pretty vocal anti religion type. Over time, my views have morphed to tolerate and appreciate some nuances of faith. Though I still hold the view that religious influence of governmental policy is one of the bigger problems today. I also don't appreciate the bigotry of some religious types. If you're a Christian, you should take the lessons of Mr. Jesus to heart. 
 Well I am a Kopimist, I believe in many things but these things in part are some of the more important and is basically what sets us a part from other religions of the world. In fact its what our beliefs are built around. Well first off that we are a modern day religion. Our beliefs come from things we did not have back in the old days. We believe the Internet is a Holy place. Literally! All Knowledge to all is a good saying we have and is one of the cornerstones to what we strive to do in life. Basically it means that I and my fellow Kopimi believe that all knowledge of the world is sacred and should be shared with one another. The Search for Knowledge is sacred and so is the Act of copying information, seeding it, sharing it, burning it and so on. There for the act that the government calls STEALING and what others call Piracy and being punished for it actually goes against our beliefs and is a sin punishable by a eternal damnation in hell. Piracy as you call it is a sacred act that flourishes the expansion of Knowledge regardless of what that information may be. Its destruction, Its prevention and its persecution is wrongful, sinful, evil and is a direct assault against basic human needs and more. Although kopomism currently is only recognized in Sweden, Others all around the world are already and have for a long time been in the Kopi spirit. The act of any kind of saving information or copying is correct and holy. The act of helping others do better in the this holy act on the internet or anywhere is also something we strive to do and is encouraged that all of us help each other expand the Plethora of Knowledge that is so abundant in this wonderful place we live in. The Kopimist symbol is that of the letter K that sorta looks like its 8 bit in a pyramid but even that is not true for us really. You can use anything and call it the kopimi symbol as long as you use it well and copy and share it with the world. Using altering, photoshop the pyramid symbol. Whatever you like! A part of copying is that you make it your own and even our religious symbol is not immune to that for it represents your RIGHT to do that! So well there you go! That is my religion in a brief nut shell and so on. - Copy. download, uplooad! - All knowlegde to all! - Information technology is not to be feathered by laws. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by ~KianziTiagusa~ I was raised a non-religious. You could say that my beliefs were rooted in the golden rule and karma; basically that to do good and be kind will reap similar rewards. Spirituality was always something without doctrine, and the religion of my family was to be a good person. On the other hand, I also say that science was my religion. I placed my faith in 'science' and theory and to this day I still hold that Physics and Mathematics most accurately describes the causal forces in the universe. Upon studying philosophy at university, I came to find that people like me are called Functionalists, in short that the atomic inherency's of matter and their arrangement are directly responsible for the thoughts, actions, and outcomes of the universe. The derogatory philosophical term is "meatist" because we believe the physical 'meat' of the brain is directly responsible for the thoughts and actions we take. However, upon "deep" (400 level) examination of functionalism and the desire to keep the aspect of free will in tact, Functionalism fails. If you're a meatist, you can't believe in true free will because your brain is matter, and matter has causation only with other matter, meaning your thoughts are material and your decisions are reactionary only. I don't abide that, and I don't believe Science has proven the brain/body connection in a way to strongly prove it because we don't yet know enough about memory and thought. So, let me introduce you to Pantheism. In short, imagine to deposit with the most inherent property of matter (ex. quarks have up or down spin as their most singular inherent material property; but they're coming up with new sub sub atmoic particles all the time) there is also attached a massless 'bit' which is not material and thus cannot be conventionally measured. However these bits, termed "conscions" are fixed to their material bit, and obey causal laws just as matter does. This allows the development of non-physical mental states based on complexity. The experience of a rock is as simple as the molecular constitution, and is thus rather simple (so simple in fact that we humans have a hard time imagining it as experience at all). However, a complex creature of many materials and complex process (like a human system, which is really a huge system of systems [circulatory, pulmonary, digestive, etc.]); due to the arrangement of the PHYSICAL MATERIAL also allows for a complex experiential feature which allows us self-identification. The continuation of the theory goes to posit that planet and solar scale systems may be allowed similar experiential features, however just as the rock perspective is almost too simple to imagine, the self-identification of a solar system is something too vast for our perspective to even grasp. True this system has some philosophical hurdles to clear, the big two being differentiation between specific 'conscions' (i.e. which type determines which state-effects) and blending (how they work together to cause a specific experiential feature), but I think its the most accurate at marrying physics, science, universality, and preserving free will (which i fight to preserve) by allowing nonphysical objects to be products of physical arrangements and allow for causal action ON physical objects; thereby giving thought power. *edt: trying not to wall of text :/ Besides Tenken, Vessicator, and myself, few here probably have the background to follow that. --- Anyway, I was raised Church of Christ. I disagreed with much of CoC's interpenetration of the Bible so I left. I am still a Christian and proud of it but I make my own determinations. Being no prima facie argument (or evidence) and there being no rebuttable presumption, neither the existence or non-existence of a divine being can be concluded. So I choose to believe. Edit: Originally Posted by Volk If you're a Christian, you should take the lessons of Mr. Jesus to heart. Couldn't have said it better myself. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 I'm agnostic (kind of), but I'm a devoted catholic around my grandma 
 "I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is pricked, seekin what will transmit The scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable"
