http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159599-Homophobe-Overused
[General Discussion] Homophobe: Overused?
 Originally Posted by Hell Girl For someone who claimed to be neutral on the subject in the OP this seems to be a pretty clear leaning on one side of the fence. A topic that started out on the validity and overuse of a word seems to have derailed pretty quickly. The gay community want marriage, not civil union, to be recognised, so they can have the same rights as anyone else. It's basically that simple. If I decided I wanted to marry my boyfriend tomorrow I could, he would be husband, and that would be that. But if for some reason someone told me, well, I don't agree with your relationship, so how about we compromise and you CAN get married... but we refuse to call it that or accept it in the same way. I'd slap a ***** too. And I'm not sure of the violence you're referring to, but you may want to look into the violence directed towards people picketing their right to get married. It's really common. Because I'm disputing logic that favors homosexuals, that doesn't mean i'm on one side of the fence. I'm still very much neutral. There aren't any points here that favors the anti side. That's why I seem like I'm leaning when I talk against it I'll admit that it did get derailed pretty quickly. I made the mistake of taking initiative, and took the wrong side of the argument. That made me seem anti. It's not on me to prove anything on why I'm not joining the cause. In a court case, it's not on the defendant to prove that he's not guilty. rather it's on the prosecution to prove he is guilty, and on the defendant to simply dispute the logic. It's on the LGBT to convince people to their side, not simply dispute the logic like the skeptics. I won't just simply jump on their cause without an undisputed point, but I can't bring myself to not let them get married. I'll take the fault for this, and rather than write an essay to the other party, I'll just let it be since it wasn't the point in the first place. I could dispute the logical fallacies present in his argument, but after he's done it to me, it'll seem copy-cat and desperate. I'm sure not a lot of people believe I'm on the neutral side after that argument anyways Insane digression aside, I'll agree that hate crimes against gays are common. However, I'll also say that hate crimes against homophobes are steadily on the rise. Those articles, however, are harder to find. The media doesn't exactly do reverse-hate crimes. Skeptics can't exactly use the media like the protesting party. You have to really search if you want to find some. Side note: What are Gay-on-straight crimes called? Anti-hetero? Anti-straight? Anti-anti gay? We know for straight-on-gay crimes. This is a legit question. I really want to know Neither exactly alleviates the problem, since one hate crime "justifies" one on the other side. Eye for an eye. Take a look at this article. I could give you one for the other side, but those are so insanely common, searching it is nothing Keep in mind that this doesn't reflect how I feel. I just agree with a couple of his points. He's pretty radical. Tell me what you think about that article 
 Last edited by kylesar1; 01-05-2015 at 04:05 PM. 
