http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157396-Your-Thoughts-on-Attack-on-Titan-(Shingeki-no-Kyojin)
[Anime] Your Thoughts on Attack on Titan (Shingeki no Kyojin)?
 It seems like everything I read about Attack on Titan is either trashing on it, loving it very much, or calling it overrated. Honestly, I love this anime. As I said on my Introduction (Here), it is in my top 3 favorite. Actually, it is my favorite. I don't know why, but when I started watching it, it just made me so into it. At first, it looked very appealing because the first picture I saw of it was Eren vs. The Colossal Titan. I thought that was so ****ing cool. And I started watching episode after episode. I wish I didn't do that because now I have to wait for season 2 to air likeeveryone else. Anyways, what are your thoughts on Attack on Titan? I love it! 
 I think it's incredibly overrated. No, I am kidding. I did think it was overrated at first, but I think it deserves the praise it gets. I was hooked after watching the first episode. 
 Originally Posted by Joanro I think it's incredibly overrated. No, I am kidding. I did think it was overrated at first, but I think it deserves the praise it gets. I was hooked after watching the first episode. Haha, very funny. I loved this anime from the start. Are you all the way through season 1? 
 Originally Posted by Warfare Haha, very funny. I loved this anime from the start. Are you all the way through season 1? Yes, I completed the series a few months ago. 
 I would say it's at least a little overrated to me. Don't get me wrong. It's a pretty great series. Most of the praise is well deserved, and I'm impatiently awaiting season two. Sent from my C6903 using Tapatalk 
 Originally Posted by cajunflavoredbob I would say it's at least a little overrated to me. Don't get me wrong. It's a pretty great series. Most of the praise is well deserved, and I'm impatiently awaiting season two. Sent from my C6903 using Tapatalk As am I. But i'm having trouble streaming Adult Swim so I don't miss it if it premieres this saturday, and I don't want to wait for it to be released on the net. 
 Originally Posted by Joanro I think it's incredibly overrated. No, I am kidding. I did think it was overrated at first, but I think it deserves the praise it gets. I was hooked after watching the first episode. I also think Attack on Titan lived up to its expectations, and the first episode had me hooked as well. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Well I watched it right when the series was completed so it wasn't quite yet so popular as it is now. A friend of mine recommeneded it to me. A few reasons why i absolutely love AoT 1. Eren is my number 2 favorite character of all time. I can get angry a lot to be honest but in the real world you can't turn into a super saiyan and kick ass. I felt like Eren was like me and he felt like a very real person which i think is a great thing about AoT. The characters seem real and the characters have these strong emotions that really makes AoT special. 2. I love the art style and the animation. Plus the music is badass so overall great looking and sounding anime. 3. I love apocalypse stuff. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I hate it because I had no social life for about five days, which was the time it took for me to finish the show. In all seriousness, I liked it a lot. Attack on Titan is interesting, because it's a lot more plausible than many other apocalyptic anime shows geared towards anime fans like us. Well, not the giant humans eating little humans concept. But everything else just seems more realistic, with characters experiencing genuine fear and hopelessness at the idea of being akin to sheep for the slaughter. The wonderful animation and music is definitely a plus as well, but the plot is the driving force behind this anime - it's what makes me want to watch more and more. Props to Wit Studio. 

 Originally Posted by Light Yagami I hate it because I had no social life for about five days, which was the time it took for me to finish the show. In all seriousness, I liked it a lot. Attack on Titan is interesting, because it's a lot more plausible than many other apocalyptic anime shows geared towards anime fans like us. Well, not the giant humans eating little humans concept. But everything else just seems more realistic, with characters experiencing genuine fear and hopelessness at the idea of being akin to sheep for the slaughter. The wonderful animation and music is definitely a plus as well, but the plot is the driving force behind this anime - it's what makes me want to watch more and more. Props to Wit Studio. You just summed it all up right there I am impatiently waiting for season 2 to air. 
 I think it's a good anime. Worth my time. Not the best anime I have watched (takes a lot to be that), but it was a fun watch. 
 For me, it's always been Shingeki manga > Shingeki anime. I actually thought the anime was a little overhyped. It's great compared to most other anime series and the technicals (animation, music, voice acting, etc.) are hands-down spectacular, but I found it a little lacking in the character development department. The anime characters, like Armin and yes, even Mikasa, are paler versions of their manga selves. But then again, it's been a while since I read the earlier Shingeki chapters, so I can't really remember if Armin was as wimpy as the anime is showing him. Another minor nitpick of mine is that they cut all the gore scenes in the anime. Darn censors. Don't get me wrong, though - I love this franchise and I'm excited for S02. It's just that I think it's been getting way too much praise, that's all. 
 Last edited by Jonesy; 07-11-2014 at 07:46 AM. 
 Eh, for what it is i think SNK is extremely overhypped. Its just like SAO, everyone either: 1) likes it and think its the greatest thing since toilet paper 2) absolutely terrible and is a waste of time... Dont get me wrong, i like both SAO and i find SNK amusing. But they get overhypped sometimes... 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 It's overrated. I enjoyed it but the amount of hype it gets makes it almost impossible to not be overrated. I had mixed up and down feelings about the show as it progressed but I was hooked for the last 8 or so episodes. I thought the show started off strong with its dark tone, however I ended up rolling my eyes when  Spoiler Eren ended up having the ability to transform into a titan. My interest in the show was genuinely reignited by the revelation of  Spoiler other human/titans like Eren working against humanity though. 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Started off great, turned into a trainwreck, got tired of spending half of each episode watching the characters agonize over some tiny decision. Or Armin crying. 
 Well I haven't finished Attack on titan yet (waiting for it all to be dubbed) but I really like it, it has the things I really like in anime, good premise, deep story, good action, some romance and great plot twist's.  Spoiler The part where Eren gets eaten and then reemerges came completely out of the blue to me and was really epic As long as the romance gets more involved I think im gonna love this anime even more. 
 Best Anime!!
 Originally Posted by Lenin the Great Eh, for what it is i think SNK is extremely overhypped. Its just like SAO, everyone either: 1) likes it and think its the greatest thing since toilet paper 2) absolutely terrible and is a waste of time... Dont get me wrong, i like both SAO and i find SNK amusing. But they get overhypped sometimes... But the thing is that SNK has the right to be hyped....but SAO was pretty lacking even though it was good. I would say that SNK was the greater version of SAO. If anything SAO is overhyped when after looking it over and analyzing I could figure out the many faults that came SAO while I thought SNK did better in all departments. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Well .. I can summarize my thoughts in two words : Amazing anime Reasons : 1- Focusing on the details 2- The emotions But still I thinks there is something missing in this anime.. I do not no what is it . 
 At this point I'm fairly convinced that anyone who doesn't like AoT is just being deliberately combative. 
 It's easy to play the over-rated card, but out of all the anime that have become popular in the west in the past decade, I find that AoT is the most deserving of its praise (not counting brotherhood). I like the series enough to watch the third arc twice in sub, rewatch the first half of the show dubbed and keep up to date with the manga. Speaking of which, I think the current arc is the one most fans will be divided on due to the lack of titans, so it might have more in common with Code Geass and Death Note than their meme status. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai At this point I'm fairly convinced that anyone who doesn't like AoT is just being deliberately combative. Or maybe just likes a different kind of anime. Like fluffy cute slice of life anime. 
 I very much love it. I love the Anime for its mystery, horror, and gore. Its something new. It is extremely good. I cant wait for season 2 to come out. 

 Originally Posted by Ghoul I very much love it. I love the Anime for its mystery, horror, and gore. Its something new. It is extremely good. I cant wait for season 2 to come out. I love it as well. Season 2 should air sooner. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai At this point I'm fairly convinced that anyone who doesn't like AoT is just being deliberately combative. I agree 100%. Unless the genre doesn't appeal, in which case you wouldn't watch it anyway, there's no real reason to say anything against the show. Attack on Titan is in no way comparable to Sword Art Online. I gave up on SAO first time and have decided to give it a second chance due to the hype it was getting, but I still don't think it's anywhere near as good. I found the first couple of episodes (of SAO) to be a big "nope" when I first watched them, had to watch a few before I got into it a bit. AOT is most definitely a large cut above SAO. Sure, some parts of AOT are slow, and deliberately so. If it was all action it would be **** because we wouldn't have the same feelings toward the characters. Yes, characters deliberate over what to do, but it makes us relate to them more. They don't rush in head first. I love that about it. It's realistic. Would you honestly rush in without thinking if it was you in that situation? Without giving away spoilers I can say that: They show fear. They can die at any time. No one in that show is immortal, even Eren the protagonist. What's to hate? 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple I agree 100%. Unless the genre doesn't appeal, in which case you wouldn't watch it anyway, there's no real reason to say anything against the show. Attack on Titan is in no way comparable to Sword Art Online. I gave up on SAO first time and have decided to give it a second chance due to the hype it was getting, but I still don't think it's anywhere near as good. I found the first couple of episodes (of SAO) to be a big "nope" when I first watched them, had to watch a few before I got into it a bit. AOT is most definitely a large cut above SAO. Sure, some parts of AOT are slow, and deliberately so. If it was all action it would be **** because we wouldn't have the same feelings toward the characters. Yes, characters deliberate over what to do, but it makes us relate to them more. They don't rush in head first. I love that about it. It's realistic. Would you honestly rush in without thinking if it was you in that situation? Without giving away spoilers I can say that: They show fear. They can die at any time. No one in that show is immortal, even Eren the protagonist. What's to hate? THIS! ^^^ Lol. 
High as a kite in another world.
