http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149735-A4-Month-Photo-Contest!
 A4 Month Photo Contest!
 This is in celebration of A4 Month! This is a photo contest which means! Pictures you take with your own camera or someone Else's camera that you borrowed! The Theme is going to be....ANIMALS! The picture must be centered around animals as what the picture was taken of! In other words if someone looks at the picture. They are not gonna see a bunch of trees and go OH! there is ALSO a owl there! It must be obvious the picture was meant to be taken of the creature itself! Now onto the rules 1. As stated above! 2. Time this will end is the End of this month! 3. Who will be judging this is me and a mod or member lol. I actually just decided to do this but if I cannot get anyone on forum to help me judge. I certainly will get a couple of my friends and we will review over these. 4. You can submit up to 5 pictures! 5. So about the picture itself! It needs to show that an animal of some kind was the theme! However there is a lot more to animals than warmblooded creatures! I have also decided that Insect life could also be counted as well! What I am looking for is something cool! The picture must show more than a doggie or cat looking at you in the camera as that is boring and really lame! Now if lets say, Its doing something funny or in a cute pose you put it in like its sitting on its butt in a couch with its paw next to the clicker and a beer can placed next to it looking at the t.v like a picture I know of...THAN your picture is actually worth something to be looked at! Wildlife and creatures that do not belong to you is what is preferred and will be better than taking one of your pet and exotic pets are better then normal pets! Even in the City there is plenty of wildlife! Crows hopping across the sidewalk collecting things! Pigeons even and if your lucky you can catch them up really close doing something neat! Heck! Even those little black birds in parking lots count as city wildlife lol! What would make it best is if you have an expensive zoom lens and get one up close like its 3 ft in front of the camera! Size of animal in picture will make it better as well as the stuff around it! How colorful the background is! Like is there green from trees or color full designer sheets or whatever. There is quite a lot that can be in your picture that will make it better! Other small things that can Prizing will be put out to the top overall winner! I do not know what it is yet sadly lol. But I can think of something good though lol. Know what...no! Its a mystery prize and it WILL be good! So yeah. 
 Last edited by Shadow Fox; 08-11-2013 at 10:49 AM. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
