http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157129-List-an-anime-that-is-entirely-overrated/page4
[Anime] List an anime that is entirely overrated - Page 4
 Meh. I watched One Piece until what I understood was the part where it 'gets good', but I just gave up immediately afterwards. Didn't think it was unduly awful or anything, but I don't have much patience for shonen fighting series at the best of times and, oh boy, were they ever stretching that one out (pun not intended). 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Originally Posted by RunawayPanda Naruto shower me with hate You forgot bleach too. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 This seems less like a thread for which anime are highly overrated and more like which fan base do you hate more, there are some good anime on here, for one I think naruto proceeds its reputation, it actually got me into anime. Further more I'm not going to agree with people saying something good is overrated, a lot of people like to eat cake, but you guys are calling it overrated just because it has a fanbase and everyone tells you to try it. Don't be sour because the shows you like don't get the same publicity even if they are just as good. It happens that's the way some things work 

 Originally Posted by your friend This seems less like a thread for which anime are highly overrated and more like which fan base do you hate more, there are some good anime on here, for one I think naruto proceeds its reputation, it actually got me into anime. Further more I'm not going to agree with people saying something good is overrated, a lot of people like to eat cake, but you guys are calling it overrated just because it has a fanbase and everyone tells you to try it. Don't be sour because the shows you like don't get the same publicity even if they are just as good. It happens that's the way some things work You really haven't got a clue about what overrated means, do you? It doesn't matter if a anime is good, that doesn't mean It's not overrated, and it sure as hell doesn't matter if a anime got people into anime. Likewise, just because a anime got someone into anime, doesn't mean It's a good anime either. 
 Originally Posted by your friend This seems less like a thread for which anime are highly overrated and more like which fan base do you hate more, there are some good anime on here, for one I think naruto proceeds its reputation, it actually got me into anime. Further more I'm not going to agree with people saying something good is overrated, a lot of people like to eat cake, but you guys are calling it overrated just because it has a fanbase and everyone tells you to try it. Don't be sour because the shows you like don't get the same publicity even if they are just as good. It happens that's the way some things work I call it overrated because A: I don't like it and B: I don't understand how something like this show has so much attention. It has nothing to do with whether the show is good or bad, which would be totally irrelevant and subjective. I also mentioned that this is just my opinion; as are the rest of these posts. What is overrated to one person, might be the most underrated to another. 

 There is a difference between not liking something and something being overrated and yet it seems some of you have not yet learned this 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Considering overrated means by definition "to have a higher opinion of something than is deserved", I'd say not liking a popular show would be a large basis of what we're discussing. It's an opinion poll. No reason to get bent out of shape, if that's your prerogative. Note that I specify my own opinion as "not understanding why it has such a large following" it's this subjective opinion that defines my rationale. Keyword: subjective. It's in the eye of the beholder, my friend. 

 Overrated is not the same as dislike. For example i think cowboy bebop is overrated but i still like it. If you don't like something then that's your business but don't go throwing around words to which you don't know the meaning of. It makes you sound ignorant. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I never said it was the same thing. You're taking me entirely out of context to prove a point. You're assuming I only find shows that I dislike to be overrated, which is not true. I love the **** out of SOA, but it's overrated. The same could be said for Brynhildr. I was merely pointing out that a large basis of the discussion was that we're commenting on shows we dislike as overrated, but nobody here said it was the same thing, nor was I "throwing words around". I'm assuming that you were addressing me in particular. If not, my apologies. I agree that others here might not understand the difference. Are we good to move this discussion forward now? 

 You may proceed 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 After the Gohan/Cell fight, it was DBZ Everything after that was just............... no 
 It's a tossup between Naruto, (Ughhh!!!!), and Excel Saga. 
 Id say Sao or Naruto yet i dont mind that 
 ~Credit for Avatar goes to Raffee ~ Add me if u like c:
 Definitely Naruto for me. 
 I noticed earlier a post about Kill La Kill and in its defence I found it pretty hilarious and satirical by poking fun at sexiness in Anime with their outfits. I still liked it but I wouldn't rave about it. In regards to overrated Anime I'd definitely put Highschool of the Dead in there. Capable of being great but exceptionally ridiculous for obvious reasons. As for One Piece or DBZ I can't call overrated because they have such great detail and fantastic build up but destroy all of that by spreading fights like the last bit of chocolate spread: oh so tasty but spread it too thin and it just isn't the same. 
 Kill la Kill. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/TehMusicx
 Steins Gate: It's fun but very mediocre. Nothing life altering as some make it out to be. Given that it's from the same director as Serial Experiments Lain and the even better Texhnolyze it should've been a whole lot better than it turned out to be. 
 I'd say Kill La Kill and Attack on Titan. 
 IMO One piece. 
 People need to live their life with a clear conscience. When you want to walk on a straight path, somehow you get yourself stained with mud. However, as long as we never give up, one day the mud on you will dry up and fall off.-Sakata Gintoki
 I guess I will go with One Piece also. It is really just the same battle over and over again. They add new abilities and more colorful characters but it is still the same old same old. 

 One Piece is not overrated. Anyone who's half an Otaku says it's complete ****. Saying One Piece is overrated is like saying Michael Bay is overrated. It's popular but everyone with half the credits to even pass judgement onto something says it's ****. Oh and since I just realized that sounded rather snobbish so let me say that I don't consider myself to be a anime expert of any kind. I have a very specific taste (mature seinen) that I rarely diverge from. 
 You do realize overrated doesn't mean bad right? 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Evangelion will always be the king of overrated but for me it's all about the fan service. 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 You do realize overrated doesn't mean bad right? Look at my submission for this thread. It's a show I actually like even though I do think it's overrated. As for One Piece. All I'm saying is that it's not exactly hyped as most people I talk to don't seem to like it and something has to be universally loved almost for it to be hyped. A prime example being Cowboy Bebop. (Not saying that it's overrated) I myself don't really have much of an opinion on One Piece other than that it's not my genre since I've only seen two episodes before deciding I didn't like it much and didn't want to see the next several hundred episodes. 
 Clannad..... 
