http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149952-if-you-could-say-only-one-thing-to-Kishi-in-a-letter-what-would-it-say
 if you could say only one thing to Kishi in a letter, what would it say?
 This is what Sasuke should have said to the Hokage:  Spoiler I want to see Sasuke TnJ Naruto because Konoha was evil to kill their own villagers and Naruto is so naive he almost gave his hand to Obito. I want Sasuke to have justice for his family that was killed so Danzo would not have competition in his coup. Sasuke let the Hokages off too easily. He should have said "Protect the village? Don't trick me. You forced my brother to kill my mother, my father, my entire clan only to banish him from the village. Are they not a part of the village? Don't sit on your thrown and talk like about peace after all you've done!" Meanwhile he is internally thinking "Meanwhile you do the same things my family would have done if they were Hokage, only you caused the world to be at war. If my family had won the coup, we would not be in this mess". The only thing Kishimoto needs to change is his faulty morality that genocide is okay if it keeps current politicians in power. (btw, a civil war would only happen if the coup was a failure) 

 What is TnJ? If I could only say one thing, and he would change naruto because of my answer, I would say: Kill Sakura in the next episode, and make it last the whole episode, just a slow and brutal death. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 If I could tell him 2 words it would be: End Naruto or Stop writing. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 I'd take a greasy **** on a piece of paper, then fold it up, step on it, and then slide it into an envelope. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Interesting I liked the posts but I thought: Dear kishi, Please end the story as naruto a hokage and return sasuke to the village 

 I would tell Kishi "Give us more of the Mario one-shot you did." 
 Hehe Nice One 

 Naruhina. That is all. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 dear kishi, please end this show sooner than later. kill sakura. then do what ever you want with the rest of the characters and story 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Originally Posted by TonyTony If I could tell him 2 words it would be: End Naruto or Stop writing. That No Jutsu. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Dear kishi,  Spoiler F*** you, why is Obito Jinchuriki? 
 Dear Kishi, Attached is $10,000. Please attend a class on storytelling. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Dear Kishi, What the hell are you doing!?! 

 Dear Kishi, Don't listen to these haters. Keep swimming in the amount of popularity your manga has. 
 Originally Posted by MisterAdventure Dear Kishi, Don't listen to these haters. Keep swimming in the amount of popularity your manga has. The only reason it is popular is because of the good start it had tbh, it just sounds like his running out of ideas alot like bleach did near the end. 

 Dear Kishi, Please let Naruto and Saskue have an epic fight then all will be well Geez, I don't get all the hate. I understand Naruto is not perfect but you can't compare it to the decline of Bleach and Fairy Tail. 
 
 Originally Posted by candidiva Dear Kishi, Please let Naruto and Saskue have an epic fight then all will be well Geez, I don't get all the hate. I understand Naruto is not perfect but you can't compare it to the decline of Bleach and Fairy Tail. Wouldn't say the Fairy Tail decline was that bag, and I didn't mean it was as bad as the Bleach Decline, but if it continues to way it is it won't be far off. 

 Originally Posted by Arekkusu Wouldn't say the Fairy Tail decline was that bag, and I didn't mean it was as bad as the Bleach Decline, but if it continues to way it is it won't be far off. I put Fairy Tail and Bleach in the same boat. The Grand Magic Games arc was unbearable. 
 
