http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158737-The-Last-Naruto-the-last-movie
 The Last: Naruto the last movie.
 If the movies out by this time i havent seen it yet and kinda wanted to state my own opinion in all this, so please dont torch and pitchfork mob me <.< >.> ^_^. Personally i've never liked sakura and it seems like me disliking her character has only grown throughout shippuden. Given i havent watched every episode just most and i picked up where i left of on the anime at the manga and read to near the end. I've read threads about the ending but havent yet confirmed it myself by reading so im not gonna speak matter of factly. Anyways sakura just never really matched naturos personality or his dare i say it...' ninja way'. Sakura really only cared about her self and only in one of the movies did she ever really consider narutos feelings of growing up alone without parents. But even that lasted only in the movie as she really only ever recognized him as strong and a replacement for sasuke. (one where she was the heros daughter and her parents had been the ones who died instead of narutos.) Given im naruhina fan and the things ive heard that happen in the movie kinda irratate me at the complete 180 as previously mentioned. There are hints throughout the anime however subtle they may be that narutos feelings towards hinata were changing but seeing as most of the second series hinata was sidelined, ejected and put in the free agency of romance genre that doesnt really hold up well. Given Hinata was one of the few characters throughout the younger days that actually rooted for him and didnt see him as a failure or as some sort of corrupted creature. She even goes as far as to accept his ninja way as her own and narutos willpower is what helps her develop some as a character. Naruto even goes as far as to learn something from hinata seeing her fight so hard against neji in the chunin exams. I will admit i wish Naruto and Hinata had a better relationship through the series and had actually had more interactions then side missions and movies. Also while i do want a Naruto/Hinata ending depsite all that, Naruto/Sasuke makes alot of sense actually thinking it through. I mean i dont know anyone or very many guys who are willing to go that far for another guy who they just really share similar experiences for unless you have some deep feelings for them. Thats just my opinion anyways. I think sasuke should have been a girl and then i think narutos obsessive-ish drive to save/bring sasuke back would have been more interesting. Given i would be completely okay if naruto and sasuke would have been lovers in the anime. It would have been more acceptable then the ending i hear that happened. Again this is all my opinion of the characters and movie from reviews or threads on it ive seen. (Cant find a place to watch the movie myself.) Naturos hairstyle is odd giving that he looked better with longer hair and could have defiantly rocked his fathers hairdo. Edit: Also I cant even remember why sakura is narutos love interest. I mean theres really nothing there in my opinion between them. I mean yeah hes saved her countless times but hes also gone out of his way to save people he never even knew. <.< So he may in fact be trying to secretly start a harem... 
 Last edited by Fallenblades; 12-20-2014 at 03:57 PM. 
