http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158721-Feminist-games-critic-cancels-talk-after-terror-threat
 Feminist games critic cancels talk after terror threat
 I don't see where I said radicalizing feminism is a good thing although lol if you think anything related to this argument is radical feminism you actually should consider investigating the feminist movement. Again, it's ****ing video games journalism, comparing it to voting is some really absurd hyperbole. I think it's great that some charity work was done but that doesn't suddenly make the death threats and other horrible **** disappear. It's possible to do good things and still need to be held accountable for the bad. I also haven't even been particularly invested in this thread so you chilling out with the accusations would be super cool with regards to me damning gamergate or whatever this stick up your butt happens to be. I posted a couple of one-liners a joke article, and a dumb comic. Until this page of the thread I didn't even bother posting anything substantial because this topic strikes me as particularly ridiculous with how invested folks have become, and the only thing I've posted here is some of the accolades being placed upon gamergate seem odd to me given the history of the video game industry and the transparent arm of video games journalism. If they're doing other stuff then hey that's cool, I was just arguing against one particular point, but I don't believe I was using it to damn them as a whole and I do apologize if it came across that way. I don't feel like I've seen gamergate actually address what I see as the core flaws in the video game (or hell entertainment industry in general) industry, much less within game narratives or it's own community. Obviously those are areas that will take a lot of time and effort to overcome, but it'd be great to see those discussions at least being had. Unfortunately charity donation has never been more than a bandage no matter what problem it is you're trying to address and it completely ignores the systemic problems causing the need for charity. That doesn't mean charities are bad, but they aren't an effective tool in addressing long term change. And I believe that in regards to whatever topic you might want to bring up. I can provide evidence if necessary, because holy **** there's mountains. Again though, this isn't saying that charity and donations done by gamergate aren't a good thing but they aren't an effective form of activism and won't achieve anything long term. It's not good enough on it's own. 

