http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159893-Well-well-well
 Well well well..
 Looks like Ive come crawling on back. Not sure how many of you still remember me but i plan to surf the old forums once more. Maybe post in that role play that seems to have become nothing but dust and bad yaoi memories. Anyway, send me a message at your own risk, I have what some people call a personality and darn it I plan to keep it that way! 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Hun7ah Maybe post in that role play that seems to have become nothing but dust and bad yaoi memories. RP up and running. Nice to have you back Hun7ah. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Cheers kuze, a name i recognise off the bat 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Well well welcome back. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 Hey, Hun! Nice to see ya back! aww the cute mini text! Btw what's with bad memories of yaoi??? explain! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 awwwww yeah, mini text, and to answer your question...well i didnt even know yaoi existed until you threw sasunaru at me haha 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Welcome back (: 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Thanks Jugger and milk chan 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Well well well.... Welcome back lol 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Originally Posted by Hun7ah awwwww yeah, mini text, and to answer your question...well i didnt even know yaoi existed until you threw sasunaru at me haha Tsk. I didn't threw SasuNaru at you I gently introduced you to it. And you know you loved it hehehehe! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by NessaPie23 Well well well.... Welcome back lol Ill have you know, it took a good 3 days to wash out the knee stains from the long crawl back! Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Tsk. I didn't threw SasuNaru at you I gently introduced you to it. And you know you loved it hehehehe! Hmmm i would never love sasunaru....ok maybe a little...b..baka 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Hun7ah Hmmm i would never love sasunaru....ok maybe a little...b..baka Remember Hun, SasuNaru is Love SasuNaru is life!heheheh 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Welcome back! 
 Welcome back to the forum. I look forward to seeing you in the RP section. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 I do remember you. Welcome back. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Cheers guys, Ive tried popping in and out of a few threads. Once i get uni sorted ill give the rp another roll of the dice! 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Welcome back!!! 
Namaila FREE classified ads Post your free online classified ads/events for North America and capture the best local audience. http://namaila.com
