http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152506-Hey-everyone
 Hey everyone
 Decided to join a random anime forum since I have very few friends who enjoy anime/manga as much as I do and browsing through I hope to become an active part of this community. Looking forward to chatting with you all <- I don't know why but that emoticon looks creepy. I guess some favorites to start off? Anime: Angel Beats!, Clannad + Clannad After Story, Death Note, Shingeki no Kyojin, SAO, Psycho-Pass, To-aru Majutsu no Index, Kanon Manga: Konjiki no Gash Bell, One Piece, Death Note, Katekyo Hitman Reborn, Fairy Tail, Visual Novel: Clannad, Kanon, Little Busters, Kamidori Alchemy Meister (mostly gameplay though), Rewrite, Hoshizora no Memoria, G-Senjou no Maou The list isn't anywhere close to completion but that's all I can think of for now. 
 Welcome. If you like Death Note, watch Monster, then give me $1000 dollars because you owe me. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Welcome to A4, yeah you have some pretty interesting taste well enjoy it here and have fun 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Pured Welcome. If you like Death Note, watch Monster, then give me $1000 dollars because you owe me. Have fun on A4. Woah, That escalated quickly. 
 Pured thanks for the recommendation but I am a college student so I am pretty freaking poor. Will 5 dollars and 38 cents do? Thanks for the welcome solo, although I am not sure what you meant by interesting tastes but I'll take that as a compliment(?) for now. 
 welcome to A4! Lol. Angel Beats and Clannad After story..... the only two anime that actually made me cry... Enjoy the Forums:') 
 Last edited by Dragnight44; 11-11-2013 at 04:29 PM. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Dragnight44, basically the same here, except I did cry during an arc in Kanon. Thanks for the welcomes everyone! 
 Hey there! Welcome to A4 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by chillsbro Thanks for the welcome solo, although I am not sure what you meant by interesting tastes but I'll take that as a compliment(?) for now. Don't worry it was meant as a compliment because some of your favorites are also some of mines so that is what I meant by it 
  Spoiler 
 Your decision in joining in this particular random forum is a good choice. Welcome. And enjoy your stay here on A4. 
 
