http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page229
 League of Legends - Page 229
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee These changes look pretty horrible. It's hard to say for certain, but jungle is looking to be extremely passive. Ganking will lose all of its appeal due to that stupid ward item and harder camps. Fast jungle clearers with strong late games will become the norm now considering ganks will be too risky and punishing if they fail. This effect will backwash into the lanes where passive farming lower mobility champions like Karthus will be able to farm very safely making for long farmfests in laning. It sucks that Riot has forced the game to go in a less exciting direction. The Asian teams changed the meta with high roaming and aggressive play. This made fast pushers and high mobility champions fun and rewarding to play. Now Riot is pushing back in the opposite direction? Lame. Don't worry bro Valve just gave out beta keys to ****in -everybody- for Dota2. Come on over and you can roam, fast push, and farm all you want! And all of it is part of the meta! 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai The other half of what's going on here is that more AD carries will be viable since they don't have to have some form of escape they can spam when a jungler comes a gankin'. And early ganks will likely still be possible, they'll just require more planning an skill. The AD carries with low mobility that you're talking about already have plenty of merit for being played. Their appeal is the high risk/high reward factor. Vayne, for example, is the highest damage AD carry in the game when she has a full item build. Her early laning phase is pretty awful and she requires more skill than any other AD carry in the game to play well, which is why jungle pressure should be a necessary variable in the game. Vayne and Kog'Maw can potentially become less situational AD carries pulled out at a smart time, and more of a necessary standard. I'm sure ganks will still happen, but as the S3 jungle is being presented right now, it'll likely be a rare thing. CC and AOE based junglers like Amumu, Maokai, Nautilus, Sejuani, and so on are just really going to take a huge hit in power because they won't have the single target DPS to burn camps down fast enough. Olaf, Jax, GP, and Nunu are going to really shine in the new jungle. This will also sway the game heavily in favor of champions with early pushing ability. Being able to push with little drawback can screw the balance up in the game more. IDK, I just feel like Riot is breaking a lot of stuff that's already fine. Early gank pressure is an awesome variable in the game and it's not too hard to counter... just learn jungler clear times and back up when they're likely to come. I do it all the time in top lane and that's how you get called a hacker. Game sense. 
 Yeah I see Singed being heavily played again top lane. And I dread it, ugh. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I don't see the problem in trying to merge what worked in S1 and S2. You guys seem to be forgetting that junglers are getting new items and that masteries are being revamped as well. We still don't have all the details. Calm your rage until we find out exactly what's happening. Edit: Read the goddamn article. In s1 you could start golems and that was a path. It was scary and useful because a strong jungler could do a lot of crazy stuff (albeit he could do very little if his team was **** and didn't pull or if they were not-playing one of the dozen or so really good jungle champions.). The s2 championships exemplified the fact that junglers were little more than glorified supports, many of whom barely had an item or two on their gp10 supports who were already regulated to sporting double-gp10/lvl1 boots at 20 minutes. Keeping in mind that these were the strongest most AoE-farm/Gank-oriented junglers, that sort of sucks. My criticism of the red post came from the 'reducing early game pressure' and 'increasing early game diversity'. In s1 you couldn't immediately lvl 2 gank and snowball a lane on the first creep wave just because you got a good pull the camps were still too strong if you weren't playing a solid jungler. In s1 you could however start Double golems and immediately level 2 gank, or get level 3/4 purely from counter-jungling the smaller camps. There was a shitload of diversity and it was harder to apply pressure in s1. Problem was is that there was a rather limited jungler pool and it required teammates to not be ****tards and afk in lane. (As is now you can manage with some asinine junglers even with useless lane teammates if you end up killing/snowballing a lane). It sounds like currently that Riot merely really hates the snowball aspect of their jungle (which they caused) and is more in favor of a difficult but consistent jungler experience that doesn't require crazy fast farming or successful ganks to be effective. I still withhold my judgement on how that will **** with jungler balance though, because despite Riot s1 to 2 claims and goals they completely ****ed certain junglers and forced others into a nerf/nerf/nerf scenario. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
 I guess I just forget how much of a buzz kill you guys can be. I'm genuinely excited about the possibilities with all these changes and I see people not only making snap decisions without all the details but assigning intent to things that are obviously a by product of numerous, unrelated changes. Just reminds me why I typically avoid the League community at large, they're not excited about anything, they just love shitting on everything. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I guess I just forget how much of a buzz kill you guys can be. I'm genuinely excited about the possibilities with all these changes and I see people not only making snap decisions without all the details but assigning intent to things that are obviously a by product of numerous, unrelated changes. Just reminds me why I typically avoid the League community at large, they're not excited about anything, they just love shitting on everything. Hey man, we could be completely off base. Maybe season 3 will be absolutely amazing. I'm not at all discounting that possibility because the new patch is still not here, and there's no way anyone can tell until it is. I'm just saying that I'm not quite liking the idea of the game becoming a passive farm war once again. I really like the current jungle, although Riot does have a point with one thing: falling behind in the jungle sucks. It's so easy to become useless in the late game due to a poor early game. No other position has the potential to fall behind as far as jungle. So, yeah, I would like to see jungle camps be more rewarding. I also like the idea of making farming the camps harder for AP mids because the ease of wraiths and wolves is being pretty abused currently. I just don't think Riot is taking the right approach to achieving what they want to achieve. But, one thing I have to say is awesome: I am going to play the **** out of Olaf in the next season. I have a feeling that he's going to be retardedly strong in the new jungle. 
 I suppose that's why I'm a little confused over the reaction thus far. Jungle is the most volatile and easy-to-****-up position in the entire game, so why is opting for more stability a bad thing? They're even going to progressively increase the pay off of killing creeps as the game progresses to keep their gold and experience bounties competitive with laning to keep the jungler in the jungle. I honestly think they're on to something here and I'm hoping it pans out or if it goes south that they'll learn from it and go from there. This is also why I'm perplexed by the, "Oh, they're going back to S1 - what a bunch of idiots!" responses. People who are saying this are clearly assigning intent without weighing all the variables here, that certain aspects of both seasons were great and it's pretty logical to try and get the best of both worlds if you can. Just dumbfounds me. This does mean a more passive early game where junglers and ganks are concerned but these guys have been trying to tear out passive play in this game for at least a year (starting with all those top laner nerfs awhile back as far as I can remember). To me this seems like a necessary and measured approach - they almost don't seem to want to do it because it runs contrary to everything they've been doing - but it seems like the right idea if it means more stability and the possibility of limiting abuse and encouraging more jungler picks. Anyway, here's something that might make you guys feel a little bit better: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/...1#post31244841 They're essentially taking the long view on this. Xyph admits that some champs might suffer tremendously as a result of these changes but they're adamant that these changes are necessary to make a better game. If a champ is seriously lagging behind they will rebalance the champ around the changes to put them in a better place. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai More item news. This one's a doozy. http://www.surrenderat20.net/2012/11...-sweeping.html The breakdown: Meki Pendant and Rejuvenation Beads are being removed.Madred's Bloodrazer is being removed and replaced with Blade of the Ruined King.Force of Nature, as previously announced, it being removed. As an alternative, Spirit Visage is getting a touch-up.Ionic Spark is being removed. Tiamat is being upgraded as an alternative.Elixer of Agility is being removed. No alternatives.Heart of Gold is being removed. Alternatives are the other GP/10 items we know now.New item: Sightstone. Will have 4 charges as a passive that refill when you visit a shop, the active uses a charge to drop a ward. Will upgrade into something, no word on what. Hmmm I like Meki pendant a little, FoN is hit and miss for me, but i really like Heart of Gold. Will be some interesting changes for sure. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I suppose that's why I'm a little confused over the reaction thus far. Jungle is the most volatile and easy-to-****-up position in the entire game, so why is opting for more stability a bad thing? They're even going to progressively increase the pay off of killing creeps as the game progresses to keep their gold and experience bounties competitive with laning to keep the jungler in the jungle. I honestly think they're on to something here and I'm hoping it pans out or if it goes south that they'll learn from it and go from there. I'm not saying that more stability is a bad thing. I'm saying that more passive farming with reduced incentive to gank is a bad thing. I don't want to just run around from jungle camp to jungle camp clearing waves, and I don't want to risk falling completely behind the other jungler for a gank opportunity. What happens if it fails? Hell, even if it succeeds somewhat and we manage to put the enemy out of lane? Would it be worth it? This is also why I'm perplexed by the, "Oh, they're going back to S1 - what a bunch of idiots!" responses. People who are saying this are clearly assigning intent without weighing all the variables here, that certain aspects of both seasons were great and it's pretty logical to try and get the best of both worlds if you can. Just dumbfounds me. This does mean a more passive early game where junglers and ganks are concerned but these guys have been trying to tear out passive play in this game for at least a year (starting with all those top laner nerfs awhile back as far as I can remember). To me this seems like a necessary and measured approach - they almost don't seem to want to do it because it runs contrary to everything they've been doing - but it seems like the right idea if it means more stability and the possibility of limiting abuse and encouraging more jungler picks. Anyway, here's something that might make you guys feel a little bit better: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/...1#post31244841 They're essentially taking the long view on this. Xyph admits that some champs might suffer tremendously as a result of these changes but they're adamant that these changes are necessary to make a better game. If a champ is seriously lagging behind they will rebalance the champ around the changes to put them in a better place. As of right now, I see two junglers really dominating in the new jungle: Jax and Olaf. Both have insanely high base stats and single target DPS. Both also scale very well into the late game. I don't like the idea of the new jungle rewarding uncontested farming for hours on end is all. 
 According to red posts you're right, Jax and Olaf are doing exceedingly well in the jungle in their internal testing, to the point where they're considering nerfing Jax. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai More item news. This one's a doozy. http://www.surrenderat20.net/2012/11...-sweeping.html The breakdown: Meki Pendant and Rejuvenation Beads are being removed.Madred's Bloodrazer is being removed and replaced with Blade of the Ruined King.Force of Nature, as previously announced, it being removed. As an alternative, Spirit Visage is getting a touch-up.Ionic Spark is being removed. Tiamat is being upgraded as an alternative.Elixer of Agility is being removed. No alternatives.Heart of Gold is being removed. Alternatives are the other GP/10 items we know now.New item: Sightstone. Will have 4 charges as a passive that refill when you visit a shop, the active uses a charge to drop a ward. Will upgrade into something, no word on what. FoN is a key item for a fed Mundo and great for Singed if I'm thinking right. Sure both guys are quite op unless someone has cripple or ignite but still taking away some key regen and magic resist. I'm really worried about being able to find good magic resist for tanks now. Spirit Visage probably won't cut it even with the buff Heart of Gold? Why? I see no problem. You took away double stacks. Just increase the cost some. Sightstone: OP why the hell......get rid of wards then, and make one that drops only 1 vision ward on refill Tiamat: Finally an upgrade on an item that needed it. Too weak and they got rid of ionic spark a weapon that scared the crap outta me 

 Heart of Gold? Why? Read. The. Links. Provided. Dammit, people! 

 Okay I still don't think its a good idea. Just nerf the hp on it or increase the cost. If Riot made champions underpowered then they should deal with the fact that they ruined them and can't find the right balance 

 SK Gaming getting owned by random team in 17 mins within surrender time. French team that uses Asian tactics interesting. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 You know, I rather liked FoN. I built it quite often on higher HP bruisers like Shen/Mundo/Olaf/Singed because of the complete lack of anti-AP items for bruisers. Sure we have Wit's End and Spirit Visage, but there are just so many more ways to build against AD than AP right now, and removing FoN may further the problem. Riot's reasoning is that they don't like the stat mix on the item, but I loved it... HP regen, magic resist, and movement speed on a bruiser? Solid item. Don't know why more people didn't buy it. But, a Spirit Visage tune up may be even better than FoN previously was. Let's hope so. I always get to like 280 armor in the late game on fed bruisers but only something like 130~ MR before I built my FoN, and even then it only gets up to like 180. @Takera That match was hilarious. Did you see Ocelote ragequit before they even finished off the second nexus turret? His first time dying made me facepalm so hard too. Why the hell would he run into three members of the opposing team? Some predictions for S3: *Jax and Olaf OP in the jungle. Nunu also way up there. Xin Zhao potentially a new god tier jungler. Trundle would be amazing if his kit wasn't so meh. *The return of Nasus and maybe even AD Sion. I honestly felt that Nasus was a good pick against certain champions before too, but he was always a bit risky. *Katarina will be a new ban until Riot nerfs her. She's too good right now. *Kog'Maw and Vayne new standard AD carries. Decline in the play of Ezreal/Graves/Corki unless in super aggressive lanes. *If the new Spirit Visage falls short, I can see a lot of 2 AP team compositions coming up more often. For example Kennen top/Galio mid. 
 Yeah, inb4 people get kicked from his team again. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 So uh, Marn, DJWheat, Salce, and CruzertheBruiser are forming a team or something? What. 

 Originally Posted by BuddyLee It sucks that Riot has forced the game to go in a less exciting direction. The Asian teams changed the meta with high roaming and aggressive play. This made fast pushers and high mobility champions fun and rewarding to play. Now Riot is pushing back in the opposite direction? Lame. Maybe this is why they are going back this direction is to help the other teams of the world out. LOLOLOL that wasn't a serious though btw 
 
 Just when you thought you'd seen everything, Curse pulls out Darius mid vs Fizz. Darius too stronk. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Originally Posted by [ Takerá ] Yeah, inb4 people get kicked from his team again. Hahaha, 24-4 M5 vs SK. Is this real life? 
 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Hahaha, 24-4 M5 vs SK. Is this real life? Oh, that means SK actually improved. I remember the time they went 21-1 versus M5. Atleast they got more kills this time. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 End of season 2 patch notes: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/news/e...-2-patch-notes  Spoiler Season 2 has officially ended! Eligible summoners will receive loading screen borders, profile banner trims, forum badges, and the Victorious Janna skin immediately Summoner Icons will be distributed over the next week Elo ratings have been compressed towards 1200 and system confidence in ratings has been reset. Placement matches must be completed before Elo will be visible again. Ranked stats have been cleared and archived under the "Season 2" option in the dropdown. Brand Pyroclasm can no longer bounce more than 5 times. Elise Neurotoxin Ability Power ratio increased to 3% per 100 Ability Power from 2% Venomous Bite Ability Power ratio increased to 3% per 100 Ability Power from 2% Cocoon Missile speed increased to 1450 from 1300 Now reveals the target if it hits Spider Form bonus magic damage per attack Ability Power ratio increased to 0.3 from 0.2 Kassadin Nether Blade Ability Power ratio increased to 0.3 from 0.15 Bonus damage no longer hits inhibitors or the Nexus Katarina Bouncing Blade initial damage reduced at later ranks to 60/90/120/150/180 from 60/95/130/165/200 Sinister Steel damage reduced at later ranks to 40/75/110/145/180 from 40/80/120/160/200 LeBlanc Distortion Mana Cost reduced at later ranks to 80/85/90/95/100 from 80/90/100/110/120 Lux Final Spark visual effects no longer appear at the wrong angle if aimed beyond the edge of the map Renekton Slice and Dice no longer reduces Dragon's Armor Soraka Infuse tooltip now states the correct Ability Power ratio at 0.6 Twisted Fate Pick a Card tooltip now describes the correct behavior in regards to Blue card's Mana restoration Twitch Deadly Venom now has a new particle for maximum stacks Ambush tooltip now describes the correct behavior in regards to delay before entering invisibility Veigar Equilibrium Mana Regeneration increased to 1% from 0.75% per 1% Mana missing Volibear Majestic Roar now fears minions and monsters for 3 seconds instead of 2 Xin Zhao Crescent Sweep now properly procs Spell Vamp and other effects (e.g. Rylai's slow) Yorick Omen of War now works properly with Life Steal Ziggs Short Fuse now deals 150% damage to structures Zilean Time Bomb now breaks Recall immediately when cast on an enemy champion. Items Blackfire Torch New Recipe: Kage's Lucky Pick + Haunting Guise Total Gold Cost: 2950 (combine cost: 700) +70 Ability Power +250 Health Unique Passive: +15% Cooldown Reduction Unique Passive: +20 Magic Penetration Unique Passive: Your spells burn for an additional 5% of the target champion's maximum Health in magic damage over 3 seconds. Each second burned consumes a charge. One charge is generated each second. Now available on Twisted Treeline and Crystal Scar. Hextech Sweeper New Recipe: Amplifying Tome + Amplifying Tome + Kindlegem Total Gold Cost: 1920 (combine cost: 200) +50 Ability Power +300 Health Unique Passive: +10% Cooldown Reduction Unique Passive: +10% Movement Speed Unique Active: A stealth-detecting mist grants vision in the target area for 10 seconds (1 minute cooldown). Lord Van Damm's Pillager Reduced health by 50 Reduced armor penetration by 5 Wooglet's Witchcap New Recipe: Needlessly Large Rod + Chain Mail Total Gold Cost: 3500 (combine cost: 1200) +100 Ability Power +50 Armor Unique Passive: Increases Ability Power by 25% Unique Active: Places your champion into Stasis for 2.5 seconds, rendering you invulnerable and untargetable but unable to take any action (90 second cooldown) Now available on Twisted Treeline and Crystal Scar Removed Zhonya's Hourglass from Twisted Treeline and Crystal Scar Removed Rabadon's Deathcap from Crystal Scar General Ignite is now only castable on enemy champions Champion passives will now have their cooldowns represented on their passive icon Co-op vs. AI Twisted Treeline bots should now favor defending their base over taking altars. Twisted Treeline bots no longer get stuck at the summoning platform when an inhibitor is under attack. Custom game Summoner's Rift bots now use the same push logic as beginner Co-op vs. AI bots, which should address several issues of bots getting stuck on the map Added a pathing workaround to prevent Summoner's Rift bots from getting trapped in certain areas of the map (e.g. Baron pit) Battle Training bots should no longer get stuck during the tutorial Twisted Treeline Reduced Vilemaw's starting damage, increased his starting health, and reduced his health scaling Slightly tweaked walkable space in several areas to allow Flashing over walls Brush beside altars removed Altars now unlock at 3:00 minutes instead of 2:00 Altars now grant a 3 gold bonus per kill, down from 4 Minion base gold rewards increased by 1 to compensate Jungle monster gold and health values rebalanced Removed Thornmail from the purchasable item list Crystal Scar Reduced passive mana regeneration Increased mana gained from Health Relics Changed windmill rotation speed so gears no longer clip 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai End of season 2 patch notes: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/news/e...-2-patch-notes I like the slight buff to Veigar, other than that i wish they would leave Brand alone lol let that sh*t bounce 80 times if you can target people correctly, should be a reward of skilled aim. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Originally Posted by BlackTemplar I like the slight buff to Veigar, other than that i wish they would leave Brand alone lol let that sh*t bounce 80 times if you can target people correctly, should be a reward of skilled aim. I don't think there's much skill involved in an ability that randomly jumps from target to target. After you let loose a skilled team will dissolve the effect. 

 Lol they should have veigars ult bounce but I have no real opinion of the buff. To me it sounds like a lazy change that really is not going to change anything about veigar. I exepcted something more dramatic, but then again I'm not suprised from riot. Veigar is still the same. 
