http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?106101-Choosing-a-Computer-Why-Mac/page2
 Choosing a Computer: Why Mac? - Page 2
 This is just a brief thing so we can provide our users (A4 Users) more information on stuff like this. So I see that a lot of you are upgrading and are getting new computers. There are a lot of questions such as: "Should I get a Mac or should I continue on Windows?" I like to provide you with an answer based on what you may do on a computer if you have a certain computer. I'm an advocate of choosing what you like. I prefer WebOS (Mobile Phone) over iPhone. I prefer Windows over OS X for Desktops. I prefer OS X over Windows for Laptops. Learn what you like, get what you need. Macs (OS X): There are a lot of Mac Users out there and there has been significant gain over the Vista years. What does OS X offer you that Windows don't? Let's say this much, OS X is an extremely intuitive machine. You can literally go without virus protection (not recommended, even by Apple) and still have a great time on the machine. Generally speaking though, most users of Apple products are designers or those who are extremely tech savvy in one way or another. You can still use Microsoft Office on it, given that you have the Mac version. You can still use Photoshop and other such features... as long as it's the Mac version. The biggest prize though, is really for those who do Web Development or some sort of Entertainment Development such as Movies, Music and Graphics. (For myself, I am a PC user who does nothing but Entertainment work on the Mac and will refuse to do so on a PC). There are a lot of Premium Programs that will run only on the Mac and those Premium Programs are things such as Final Cut Pro. You won't find that on a PC without some sort of Mac Emulator. However, if you are a gamer, you are basically out of luck. There are a lot of developers who make sure that their games will run on Macs, but they are far a few in between. Nearly, if not, ALL Blizzard games (http://www.battle.net/ - Go make an account, enter ALL of your CD Keys that you own so you can DOWNLOAD the Client for either PC or Mac) work on Mac. Call of Duty 4 and Fable also runs on Mac, just to name a couple of games. You can get around this by getting Crossover to play games such as Half-Life 2 and Counter-Strike, but it definitely isn't friendly with a lot of games and if you're a Final Fantasy XI player, it takes A LOT of effort to get the game running. Other programs such as mIRC can be quickly replaced with Colloquy and Trillian with Adium. (Both are superior to the PC versions, IMO). For a Movie Player, I highly suggest getting Quicktime up to speed (Quicktime is highly inferior to Windows Media Player) to run codecs that encode into AVI or MKV. Otherwise, get VLC. There are also a few UI changes. The thing you will need to get used to is installation. There is no Registry on OS X meaning that you do not have to install programs. In technicality, you are running Program Packages and the installation process generally involve you dragging an Icon into your Applications folder. Programs also don't close when you close the Window. You have to go to Program Name > Quit. You lose your Taskbar and get a Dock. You get Spaces and Expose (much more efficient once you learn it). Getting a MacBook means that you will almost never turn off your computer and sleeping it more often. It boots faster and sleeps faster than Windows by miles. I mean... literally... miles. I close the lid to my laptop and in 1, 2, 3... it's asleep. I open the lid and 1, 2, 3... it's awake. Things to know: Apple does not play nice with other people. Microsoft and Apple work hard at getting their products to work on each other's Operating Systems but you will find that it will be slightly more difficult to get things to work on OS X over Windows. Be prepared to spend a lot of time finding the correct version of what it is you're trying to work with. Anything you do on a Mac, you can do on a PC. The only thing is, you will have to remember this next part... When in doubt: Go to Google and type in "Program You're Looking For" "OS X" Conclusion: OS X is different, it's not Windows. Is it better? Not necessarily. It's all about preference. Before you purchase a Mac, remember, you're paying a Premium up front right away. I mean literally, a Premium. What you pay for ($3000) can get you a PC/Windows based machine for a 3rd of the Price. If that does not dissuade you. Go to your local Best Buy and try out the Macs available to demo. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
