http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154813-What-are-conventions-like
 What are conventions like?
 Hey guys. The title pretty well explains it all. What kind of stuff goes on at conventions? I'm planning to take a group of friends to MomoCon, and I wanna let them know how they function and what happens. Thanks in advance! 
"There are people in this world that enjoy being alone, but there isn't a single person who can bear solitude."- Makarov Dreyar 
 The only con I have gone to is Animefest in Dallas, but I would imagine it is quite similar to other anime cons. Anyway, there is usually many things going on a con. There are usually a variety of panel rooms going on at different times with topics ranging from voice acting to cosplay to designing plushies. Some them involve special guests like English/Japanese voice actors, directors, musicians, etc., Obviously, you are not going to be able to make it to all of them, so you have to pick and choose which ones you would like to attend. Then there are also events you don't want to miss like the cosplay competition and the skit contest. Furthermore, there are usually rooms showing anime and a dealer's room where anime merchandise is sold. Well, I hoped that helped you a little. 
 Originally Posted by Joanro The only con I have gone to is Animefest in Dallas, but I would imagine it is quite similar to other anime cons. Anyway, there is usually many things going on a con. There are usually a variety of panel rooms going on at different times with topics ranging from voice acting to cosplay to designing plushies. Some them involve special guests like English/Japanese voice actors, directors, musicians, etc., Obviously, you are not going to be able to make it to all of them, so you have to pick and choose which ones you would like to attend. Then there are also events you don't want to miss like the cosplay competition and the skit contest. Furthermore, there are usually rooms showing anime and a dealer's room where anime merchandise is sold. Well, I hoped that helped you a little. That's some really helpful advice, man. Thanks! 
"There are people in this world that enjoy being alone, but there isn't a single person who can bear solitude."- Makarov Dreyar 
 Originally Posted by Joanro The only con I have gone to is Animefest in Dallas, but I would imagine it is quite similar to other anime cons. Anyway, there is usually many things going on a con. There are usually a variety of panel rooms going on at different times with topics ranging from voice acting to cosplay to designing plushies. Some them involve special guests like English/Japanese voice actors, directors, musicians, etc., Obviously, you are not going to be able to make it to all of them, so you have to pick and choose which ones you would like to attend. Then there are also events you don't want to miss like the cosplay competition and the skit contest. Furthermore, there are usually rooms showing anime and a dealer's room where anime merchandise is sold. Well, I hoped that helped you a little. Pretty much this. Different panel rooms, special events for guests (check your schedule), voice actor/actress signing, dealers room, artist alley, silent auctions and etc. Important to check their schedule when you arrive or ahead of time when it gets released on their website. There will be a lot of cosplayers and probably some photoshoots as well. You'll see people stopping and taking pictures. Also tons of unhygienic con-goers. Some advice is to bring your own food&snacks if you can because, any restaurant within walking distance from the con will be packed and to save of money for the dealers room. If you're planning on going to popular events which is usually the Masquerade, start lining up early like, 1.5/2hrs early. 
 Last edited by ZeRoGravity; 01-15-2014 at 11:59 PM. 
 There are a lot of different types of conventions but I can break it down into 3 catogories: Trade Show, Media, and Fan Run. Trade Show = home show, boat show, car show, etc., or could also be a group of people going over a set of topics (a dentest's convention, for example). Media = movie and television stars, sometimes music as well. These are usually for profit but some are non-profit. Go to these if you're looking for autographs and expect to spend a lot of cash. Fan Run = your local gaming, anime, horror, sci-fi convention. These are almost always non-profit. There are also hybirds which mix and match the 3 types. As for what they offer, that depends on the size of the convention. Smaller cons are much more personal than larger ones. Larger ones may make you feel like a number but there is nothing like having a crowd of thousands behind you cheering you on. There's also conventions that travel around the world. What you'll find in them depends on the size and type of the convention. Sci-fi and anime cons are actually very similiar in how they run in that they both have discussion panels, a anime/video/film room, a dealer's room, gaming, a masquerade, etc. Traditional SF cons, however, have a consuite (free food, but don't expect much) and their guests are writers and artists. Anime cons usually don't have a consuite but offer more media type guests. For gaming cons, it's all about playing. Tournaments, prizes, and a test of your skills. It's also the easiest way to get people to come to you. Just hold the box cover up in the middle of the room and anyone that wants to play will join you. I've been either on staff or demoing games for conventions for a decade. I just chaired a gaming con back in September. Anyone wants info on how to survive a convention (avoiding dehydration, making sure you don't spend the money you were supposed to get home with, health issues that can cut your convention short), or the differences in them, send me a pm. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Looks like the previous responses covered almost all of what there is to say. From experience with bringing others to cons for the first time, they told me that they didn't fully comprehend what went on at a con til they got there, So expect some surprises for sure! Also many conventions work with nearby hotels to provide ultra cheap rooms to con goers. Plus if you have a group split the room cost it is really cheap! I would recommend if possible staying at the hotel near the con. From experience it gives you more freedom since many cons have activities which go into the late night hours. You also get a place to rest and stash the cool loot you find at the dealers room. Hope this information helps you out. 
 Originally Posted by Natsu the Salamander Looks like the previous responses covered almost all of what there is to say. From experience with bringing others to cons for the first time, they told me that they didn't fully comprehend what went on at a con til they got there, So expect some surprises for sure! Also many conventions work with nearby hotels to provide ultra cheap rooms to con goers. Plus if you have a group split the room cost it is really cheap! I would recommend if possible staying at the hotel near the con. From experience it gives you more freedom since many cons have activities which go into the late night hours. You also get a place to rest and stash the cool loot you find at the dealers room. Hope this information helps you out. Thanks man! Any info is helpful right now. I actually found rooms in the hotel where the con is being held for $99 a night! 
"There are people in this world that enjoy being alone, but there isn't a single person who can bear solitude."- Makarov Dreyar 
 No problem! Glad I could be of assistance. That is a good rate for a hotel room, and most conventions I've been to are held at nice hotels so your experience should be a nice one. Let me know if you have any questions, I be glad to help you further if you need it. 
 Cons are like heaven for an Anime Fan! I've been going to cons since 2010 but only recently got involved with the community the past year. Its amazing and so much fun, especially if you cosplay! Photoshoots, fans of an anime screaming when their favorite character walk by. Panels are alright, I've never had big interests for most of em' unless its a panel that has a game involved. The night life of cons are my favorites, everyone just hangs out, drinks...meet new cosplayers, con goers, parties and has a great time. Then ofc you have to go to dennys. Hope you have fun at yours!! 
 I just went to my first Con in October of last year, but there were definitely quite a few things that i learned fast... 1- book hotels early and go through any means to find the best deal...but you don't want to be too far away either. We found one that was still in the city but just enough outside of it for it to be an annoyance and miss a few things... 2- if they have a schedule before the Con starts, make sure you mark the ones you are interested in early. those things get packed fast so you may not be able to enjoy it as much standing up 50rows back than sitting down in front of a panel or so. 3- BRING CASH....i can not stress this one enough. Yes its so much easier to have everything on your card and a tad safer, but when some vendors do not accept them/their machines aren't working/internet is down, it can mean that you walk away from the entire con empty handed. (also things are priced pretty high. I brought $300 spending for items/food/etc for my wife and I and we still needed to withdraw some more.) 4- have your camera ready because some of these people hand-make their cosplay and it will blow your mind :P we had more fun meeting the people and seeing all their cosplay rather than most of the events themselves (unfortunally 90% were fan run and weren't run that well). meeting voice actors was also another great part and we even got to play Cards Against Humanity with them...though if you are looking for autographs you had best get there about 15-30min before that event starts....) hope your first con experience is a memorable one ^^ 
 I've only been to one anime convention and even though I didn't have any spending money besides the ticket, I had a blast. Its a lot of fun and I highly recommend going to one. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 15 - 30 minutes waiting in line? Maybe for a small anime convention but not the big ones. You wan to get a good seat in the masquerade I believe the wait time for a 20K attendee convention is around 3 hours. And this I just can't figure out. I can understand a line for autographs, panels, the AMV contest, but why on earth are people lining up to wait to get into the dealer's room? One year I volunteered and was on door duty and that line stretched all the way down the cooridor and all the way back the other side to the entrance of the convention center. And the girls at the front of that line were there for 2 1/2 hours. I just find it hard to believe that a dealer would not come fully stocked with products to last the entire weekend, and I've seen less and less rare items over the years. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 They are just like any public large gathering. The food is too expensive and low quality for what it is. Its loud Filled with loud, annoying, Rude, smelly and obnoxious people It takes forever to get to anything popular or cool 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Good food can be found at conventions- just takes a little of digging in some cases. I think the crowds at cons are awesome for the most part. Sure there are a few bad apples but it is a very small percentage. Besides anyone who is at a con is there for the same reason so it's usually a respectable environment with like minded people. 
 hey I will be attending my first anime convention (Anime AX) I was suppose to attend last year but could not due to my crazy work schedule.I'M really looking forward to it this year in July what should I expect from this event I"m looking to buy lots of stuff me and my girlfriend are also thinking about cosplaying if any one has ever been to any comic con or anime convention events can you plz give me the run down. 

 Everyone has pretty much covered what happens at conventions, but I still wanted to share my little tidbit. ^^; Conventions are Anime Fan's homes away from home and the internet. It's a place where we're accepted and everyone is the same. We don't have to worry about being shunned or made fun of because everyone there is there for the same reasons you are. Anime. I remember the joy that warmed my soul the first time I went to a convention and I will never forget the feeling. I live in Southern Utah and we really have nothing for Anime fans here so I took that feeling and I wanted to share it with all the Anime fans in the area that may feel like they're the only ones. I now host my own convention (small as it may be) and the feeling of friendship and community is what drives us. I continue to attend other conventions because I love to meet new people that love the same things I do, and I enjoy my weekend freedom to be who I truly am without fear of persecution or explanation. In a word conventions are: Wonderful. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 To be honest for me cons are fun most the time, but that all depends on who you hang around. Like if your end up hanging out with some total craps of people then you're probably not going to have a good time. It all depends who you're with. (I might come back to this forum later to explain cons in further detail). 
 Yes, please do share with us the experience. We don't have many cons way down south here ): 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Thank you guys for posting about this. I'm planning to go to my first one in either Baltimore or Philadelphia next year with a couple friends. I have had friends whom gone before, but more experiences help. Especially the having cash on hand or packing your own lunch. 
Twitter - Youtube - LastFM - Sonic Battle Engaged [My WIP Game] - MAL
 Eanggrish plreazzze? XD 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I have a friend that is a bit older than me and she wants to go to an anime convention. She asked me what it was like to go to one, but I have no idea what to tell her nor do I know if she would enjoy that kind of thing. What was it like for you to go to a convention if you have been on one. 

 Crowded, noisy, full of cosplayers, long lines, merchandise, and various upstart companies trying to get noticed. It is really like what you would expect of any other convention or gatherings of like-minded people. The only differences are the events. You should look up a convention's schedule of events and plan accordingly. They usually have multiple things going on at once. I personally go for the cosplay. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Sakiya Rumei Crowded, noisy, full of cosplayers, long lines, merchandise, and various upstart companies trying to get noticed. It is really like what you would expect of any other convention or gatherings of like-minded people. The only differences are the events. You should look up a convention's schedule of events and plan accordingly. They usually have multiple things going on at once. I personally go for the cosplay. This is very true. I went to comic con last year and it was a lot of fun. Celebrities were there for autographs and tons of vendors too. Nerd heaven! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I went to chicago for a con and for the most part it was awesome sauce, I did somehow miss Sir Patrick Stewart's photo op by a few minutes, so plan, plan, plan ahead and construct a schedule so you can get to everything as easily as possible. If your gonna go shopping, try out different vendors for possibly better prices and for the guys, come up with some strategy to battle your bodily urges there will be lots of babes in outfits, sooo calm yourself. 
 I've never been but I've wanted to for ages. I think it'd be fun to cosplay as Isaac Dian. It's hard finding people to cosplay as who have sideburns. And I don't have the vein bulge to pull off hugh jackman. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
