http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153921-One-Piece-Chapter-731
 One Piece Chapter 731
 ONLY THE GREATEST CHAPTER OF ONE PIECE EVER. thats all i have to say. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 We all knew Sabo was still alive. I wonder what sort of skills he's got? 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 hahahahahaha. The revolutionary army is here holy crap. Oda is a genius called it Originally Posted by Zer0 The sabo arc was one of my favorite short mini stories in one piece. It was a great short story mini/flashback that was sad and genius. We also got to learn more about Dragon's motivation which just makes look all the more badass and epic. Now confirmed by the One piece wikia: Sabo is not Law. I agree with this because there is no way that Law is sabo he has no emotional attachment to ace whatsoever. IF anything law is the dude that got saved by Sanji back in the Sanji arc from the very beginning. He got saved from starvation by sanji. Oda has also confirmed Sabo's death in one interview and there seems to be so by the one piece wikia too http://onepiece.wikia.com/wiki/Mythb...orto_green.png. What makes me not want to believe this is true is that Oda might be trying to hide something epic. HE has lied before about there be no deaths and look at how that ended up in Marineford. The databook and Oda seem to support this theory. However, this cover drawing by oda makes me want to believe that Sabo is still alive. MANGA CHAPTER 668 http://www.mangahere.com/manga/one_piece/v60/c668/ Luffy wasn't there at this time. And who else would know to leave a small crate with a bottle of saki and 3 small cups next to aces grave? Nobody other then Sabo would know this and Luffy wasn't there at all. HOLY ****. This is either a BIG HINT by oda and I still can't believe this.. I mean everyone says Sabo is dead even Oda himself. But I really wonder at that cover. 
 From the looks of it he doesn't seem to be on Luffys side probably to do with Ace's death. he seemed to be negative about the conversation telling him he won't let any strawhat have ace's fruit. He might go as far as to take it himself. He doesn't seem to be on luffys side so this might turn out to be not what we expect. 
 What I figure is that he'd take it for himself. I was also surprised at Koala appearing. Though, I feel like I should have seen that coming. 
The midi-trollian count is off the charts.
 If mr. 2 is alive and at that colloseum I am gonna scream...SCREAM I TELL YA! I bet that is who our mysterious person is! Please let Bon Clay be out of that jail! We know he survived somehow so escaping himself would not be out of the question. *edit* No idea who Koala was had to look it up to remember...Never thought I would see that girl again. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Zer0 From the looks of it he doesn't seem to be on Luffys side probably to do with Ace's death. he seemed to be negative about the conversation telling him he won't let any strawhat have ace's fruit. He might go as far as to take it himself. He doesn't seem to be on luffys side so this might turn out to be not what we expect. Actually, he seems to be mad at himself, which Koala later told him he couldn't have done anything even if he was at Marineford. 
 I actually did not realize who it was right away, until I watched reactions online. I feel like an idiot for not paying enough attention, but with me now knowing I'm really excited to see what is going to happen next. 

 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox If mr. 2 is alive and at that colloseum I am gonna scream...SCREAM I TELL YA! I bet that is who our mysterious person is! Please let Bon Clay be out of that jail! We know he survived somehow so escaping himself would not be out of the question. *edit* No idea who Koala was had to look it up to remember...Never thought I would see that girl again. I really like Bon Clay... he's very robust lol it's one of the first few pages of a chapter that I saw him in Prisoner's garb he might be still alive... 

 Just read this chapter because ive been moving and havent been able to read it yet. Im about to cry ;____; , one piece is so good. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
