http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150801-What-Internet-Browser-do-you-guys-use
 What Internet Browser do you guys use?
 I use Mozilla Firefox because it has a lot of useful extensions. How about you? 

 IE10. They are all the same to me. Speed difference? What speed difference? Security issues? Why would one go to sketchy sites? Add-ons? Never use them. Looks? Address Bar, Tabs, Menus--all there. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I use Chrome, mostly because I loaded it onto the computer and it's just what I automatically use. 

 I use Chrome, I have a set up across 2 desktops and a laptop for work and with my gmail account it keeps all of my bookmarks and preferences synced up. Super convenient xD 
you know you wana http://logicalsama.blogspot.com.au/
 Opera, IMO i feel like it's the fastest browser out of them all. 
 
 Originally Posted by LogicalSama I use Chrome, I have a set up across 2 desktops and a laptop for work and with my gmail account it keeps all of my bookmarks and preferences synced up. Super convenient xD Ahhhh! A two desktop setup?! That sounds amazing! I use a crummy laptop that shuts off randomly, and freezes. Just backed up my computer on an external hard drive last night... Time to start shopping around for a new lappy toppy I guess. 

 I've used to use firefox, but about a year ago, I switched to chrome cause Firefox was slowing down the longer I use it, and Chrome loads faster :3 

 Yeah. Chrome. On my desktop, iPhone, and Nexus tablet. 

 I can tell you all for a fact that chrome is fastest, most efficient, least buggy. Mozilla has slightly worse resource management, IE has super annoying filters and compatibility/security issues, the core code of IE regularly generates background errors in webpages which almost never have a noticeable effect, but still annoy me, and microsoft's poor attempts to make IE user friendly meant sacrificing programming time, safari is the slowest out of the top 4. Opera can gtfo of here. In my experience, chrome extensions are better managed and i have yet to see any bugs, unlike firefox. If you want to know what the worst browser in the world is, it is Maxton. Aside from the software being terrible, they stole google's cloud sync idea. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 I am in with the 'in crowd' and I use Google Chrome. But I also voted for IE just to f with ya. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 I enjoy using Google Chrome for its customization. Makes it really feel more unique to the person. On top of that, it has the whole accounts thing added in. So if I ever log onto someones computer who also uses Chrome, I can sign in to my own account and it will adjust their browser to fit how I had mine on my personal computer. It's also great for when you end up wiping your hard drive/have a hard drive crash. Story time: A friend of mine cracked my screen on my laptop, so I had to send it in to HP to get the screen fixed. When they sent it back, they also had wiped my hard drive. I downloaded Chrome, logged into my account, and it set everything back to the way it was. This included themes, settings, bookmarks, the bookmark bar and extensions. It really is useful, and I don't know if anything else has something like this, but when I found out Chrome did, I was instantly hooked. 
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio If you want to know what the worst browser in the world is, it is Maxton. Aside from the software being terrible, they stole google's cloud sync idea. It must be bad because I have never heard of it. I use Chrome because it rocks. I like the layout and it has the fastest loading time (I have tired Firefox and IE but both are not as fast) It has not bugged or crashed on me, which IE seems to do a lot. 
  Spoiler 
 I also dig Chrome as the winner (although I hear Firefox has some great add ons). Chrome is so simple and easy to use. It also seems much faster than Safari on my mac. 
 Originally Posted by Strikercups I've used to use firefox, but about a year ago, I switched to chrome cause Firefox was slowing down the longer I use it, and Chrome loads faster :3 I use Firefox as well and tried to turn to Chrome several times. But it seems that Chrome don't allow people to do much customization and as a result, I cannot adjust Chrome to what I want. So finally, I am still using Firefox. 

 Originally Posted by Honest_tea I enjoy using Google Chrome for its customization. Makes it really feel more unique to the person. On top of that, it has the whole accounts thing added in. So if I ever log onto someones computer who also uses Chrome, I can sign in to my own account and it will adjust their browser to fit how I had mine on my personal computer. It's also great for when you end up wiping your hard drive/have a hard drive crash. I think people can do more customization on Firefox than Chrome. For example, I can change the user interface of Firefox exactly the same as Chrome if I want. I can also change the display of many web pages in Firefox (For example, put the background photos which updates everyday of Bing on Google). But I cannot drammatically change the options of Chrome. However, the sync function of Chrome is really cool and Firefox really cannot reach that. 

 I use Chrome because I'm a decent human being. 
 Chrome, babes, I use Chrome ^^ 
 
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio If you want to know what the worst browser in the world is, it is Maxton. DAMMIT AKIO! In case you didn't know, Maxthon was the first browser to use cloud services to store bookmarks etc. I use Maxthon because I feel that it is the best. I have tried all the "popular" browsers and some which most people won't have heard of. (E.g. Comodo Dragon.) and in the end Maxthon has been the one that I find the easiest to use. Besides, I get to draw things with a green line to do things like go back and scroll. AND it is the highest scoring browser in the HTML5 test. 13 POINTS AHEAD OF CHROME. >:C 
 My Anime List
 I usually use Maxthon because i find it faster and i like the design. If i find a good skin i might use Chrome instead. 
 Leon that does not matter because nobody uses HTML5 seriously. When html4 disappears, google will quickly become better at processing 5. Besides, the line thing does not even work properly from watching you struggle with it, and drawing a circle with two arrows is not easier than pressing f5, drawing a backwards arrow is not easier than using backspace, alt+left or a mouse thumb button. Next time you do that link, i am going to delete maxthon >:3 (Yh i misspelt, dont bold letters at me) 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 I use Chrome because I like the fact that you can download useful extensions and change the theme. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Oh yeah i forgot about that, i use WindowBlinds 8 now which interferes, but the themes idea was good, especially as you can create you own theme easily enough. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 I use chrome is a very cute and remember my information in my pc and my phone is really great, the most important is not is required use in my pc if enter my e mail before to using 
 I use firefox and chrome... 

 
