http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159730-Body-Modification
[General Discussion] Body Modification
 I find body modification very interesting! I'm not too prudish when it comes to piercings and tattoos. I don't have any tattoos, but I've had a good number of piercings over the years (currently sporting a vertical labret, which I adore.) I have no problems with tattoos on any location as long as the person tattoo'd is happy with it themselves and are aware of how it could possibly effect their job prospects. I definitely am a fair bit judgey when it comes to the quality of tattoos- I've known way too many people excitedly gush about how they're going to get their tattoo done for free or ridiculously cheap by their friends uncle who is a tattoo artist or something. I believe tattoos should be an investment, something that takes a lot of thought and planning and idea executed by a good artist who is aware of correct anatomy, clean lines, etc. If you plan on having something on you for the rest of your life, invest in it; make sure you truly want it, and make sure it's something you won't be tired of looking at, even when you start sagging. I'm more forgiving of mistakes with piercings, because while they are shitty and and a pain to deal with, they're ultimately able to just be re-pierced by a better piercer after a bit of healing time (now if the piercer has issues with correct sanitation methods when piercing, then we have a HUGE problem.) Continuing on the subject of tattoos though, it's nice to see that there is more growing acceptance for tattoos in the workplace. Starbucks has relinquished their ban on visible tattoos in the workplace, which is cool. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/1...n_5999746.html I do kind of wonder if it's simply because Starbucks reflects a younger generation, though, but it's still cool to see. There are also many careers out there today that don't judge your professionalism based on your ink (art related jobs especially.) Plastic Surgery- I don't judge anyone who decides to do it, as long as they're going into it with a healthy mindset. Some people have a bigger sense of insecurity than others; that doesn't make them wrong in my opinion, simply different. The thing I worry about is the prevalence of body dysmorphic disorder (I'm pretty sure I had some level of BDD throughout my early teen years to the beginning of my twenties, it's sadly quite common.) BDD is when an individual imagines themself to look different than how they actually appear and are very obsessive about achieving a sense of "perfection", which can result in choosing excessive plastic surgery (including repeat procedures.) If you want a good example of extreme BDD in regards to plastic surgery, look up Jocelyn Wildenstein. My opinion on getting plastic surgery otherwise is pretty much the same as my opinion of getting a tattoo; think long and hard about it, plan it, spend a worthy amount of money and find the right person to do it. The culture of plastic surgery itself is very fascinating and frightening though, at least when it's an extreme in other countries. In South Korea, plastic surgery is so common that they have reality shows and channels dedicated to it. There will be "best plastic surgery" contests where women will go under the knife and compare their results, or just display a dazzling before and after to show how "improved" the women are. It's extremely common for girls 16+ to receive money to get plastic surgery from their parents as a reward for graduation or excellency in school; it's simply a normal part of the culture. http://www.theatlantic.com/internati...uation/277255/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCKShGLyeK0 That fact is amazing and horrifying to me, honestly. Since plastic surgery is so rampant there, it makes me wonder about the eventual consequences of it. Since it is so common, I feel like it actually trifles with the biological urge to seek out partners with good "genes." If two people who are only beautiful because of surgery get together and have children, it brings a serious consequence; worse physical flaws, health defects, etc (physical appearance is a big indicator of actual health, and we're genetically predisposed to feel attracted to people with good symmetry and fitness because of this.) On that front, I think the culturally popular plastic surgery boom is seriously damaging, as well as genius. Think of it this way; a couple who has had copious amounts of plastic surgery fall in love, and have ugly children, who desire plastic surgery in order to fit in as well as feel esteem, get plastic surgery- repeat. What an evil as well as genius self-sustaining industry plastic surgery can be. 
 Last edited by Quulix; 01-24-2015 at 06:16 PM. 
 8/6/12 Never Forget. T.O.B RIP Gwenny 4/30/13. I love you.
