http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156007-Project-Morpheus-vr-headset-for-ps4-assassins-creed-would-be-awesome-on-this
 Project Morpheus vr headset for ps4 - assassins creed would be awesome on this
 http://reviews.cnet.com/portable-tv-...-35873300.html If they could perfect this I could totally see playing assassins creed in virtual reality. If they could have the same visual fidelity that the current games have it would be completely immersive in virtual reality. I'd love to feel like I was climbing walls or sword fight a villain or stab somebody stealthily. Granted climbing and jumping off buildings wouldn't be like what a star trek holodeck would feel like. Your sense of motion wouldn't be affected. But the immersion in the world would be as complete as possible without tapping into your brain like sword art online. Too bad it's not ready now. I'd go buy a ps4 right now and save up for the headset if it was fully realized. Uncharted would be great fun too in vr. Doing Indiana Jones type stuff in vr would be a blast. 
 Project Morpheus, along with Occulus Rift and Valve's own VR Project is not going to be anything like the Star Trek Holodeck. Although, it might be worth reading about Jeri Ellsworth and Rick Johnson, the engineers who got fired from Valve for their work on a VR Project. Their project might be closer to a Holodeck simulation. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by shian kiri not going to be anything like the Star Trek Holodeck. I know I mentioned it. The bad thing is you won't have any sense of motion (free falling or getting kicked or punched or anything like that - unless they do some wild force feedback suit along with it - hmmm..... thats an idea ) from visual displays. But immersion can still happen with the proper screen surround and motion controlling. Tracking with both sound and movement will be the key. 
 Honestly what's the point of vr? Isn't it going to damage your eye? 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by 어진혁 Honestly what's the point of vr? Isn't it going to damage your eye? The point is to IMMERSE yourself into it. HONESTLY, how can you not figure that out my brother? I remember a game where I put on glasses or a helmet or something and was playing Mario tennis. Fuxing amazing VR is. 
 Originally Posted by Poenuh The point is to IMMERSE yourself into it. HONESTLY, how can you not figure that out my brother? I remember a game where I put on glasses or a helmet or something and was playing Mario tennis. Fuxing amazing VR is. If I remember I think that's called virtual boy and that caused many eye problems how do you know if the new vr systems can prevent that? 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by 어진혁 If I remember I think that's called virtual boy and that caused many eye problems how do you know if the new vr systems can prevent that? Play at own risk. Plenty of awesome things have risks and or side effects. 
 It's not all the same. Based on my understanding and what I've researched: 3D - You're taking two images and juxtaposing it as one image that your eyes will track together at the same time at different angles as well as trying to trick your eyes and your brain to ignore certain visual data to create a 3D Effect. This is kind of the reason why it's a terrible thing to subject yourself to for long periods of time, because you're asking your eyes and your brain to ignore a lot of data (in which it already does) as well as tricking it to interpret data incorrectly (you can probably understand the dangers of this). AR - This is a bit different in that you're wearing a piece of head gear that has images projected separately into each eye. It's not asking you to ignore data, it's not asking you to juxtapose that data any differently from how you already do. For example... when you look around currently, every thing you see in your view is interpreted separately in both of your eyes and your brain puts it together to form a 3D image. So you're taking 2 images and making 1 whole image. This is how you get things such as peripheral vision and focus and other things. Try taking a predominate object and focusing on it. You'll notice things start fall out of focus and that object you're looking at becomes sharper. If you change your focus to the out-of-focus objects, that object that you had previously looked at becomes blurred. This isn't something you can do with 3D, but you can with AR. Virtual Boy - Yes, this did cause a lot of problems and it's not necessarily because the AR itself was the problem, it's the data that your brain received. It was simply not getting enough of it, so the dangers here is that you had to ask your brain to use it's imagination to "fill-in-the-gaps" for visual ques it didn't have. Currently, your brain does that too for everything. For example... when someone throws a baseball at you, you don't actually track that baseball the entire time. Your brain sees the initial set of data and takes a guess at where it would be given those factors. There is a reason why when you're a batter against a pitcher who can throw at like... 65 MPH, you would see the trajectory of where the ball would be, but you won't actually see it move the entire time. It will look like it appears from one point to the other on that trajectory line and it will happen in fractions of a second. Now try asking your brain to do that with even less data, combining that with things like interpreting 3D from red lines and no color. Generally speaking, what happens is, the Virtual Boy is asking you to not only do everything your brain is already doing, it's also asking it to fill in visual ques, color, animation and ignore general image fidelity. To overcompensate for missing data, you're straining your eyes to see more detail in which it most likely won't ever get. It's easier to hold an image in your head while you're blinking when you actually know what you're looking at. It's hard to tell from just red lines. Also... Red on Black is a terrible design choice in the first place. It's one of the worst things you can look at. You can use red as highlights, but you shouldn't use it as your defining feature. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
