http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159933-Hey-Im-Sam-Winchester-D
 Hey Im Sam Winchester :D
 Yes my names from supernatural Yes Im a big fan of the show No not a normal fan No not just saying that I live and breath it. I watch it every day, I have seen season 1-9 5 times now. I rewatch the show as much as I can. I can't get enough of it. I love playing garrys mod. I love being an admin even more. Setting an example for other players and people. We are not getting paid to deal with little kids who **** around and troll and **** into their microphones for giggles. We volunteer. We do our best to deal with each report without biased looks. Its harder than it sounds. We've had people resign because they felt that they couldnt play normally while being an admin or mod. Some people feel too much pressure and ridicule when they pass judgements.Thats why some servers list "Mods/admins judgement is final" so they cant be called out by people for being bad at their job(game job). Being a mod or admin is what we take on as a responsibility when we play yet that doesn't mean that we dont enjoy playing as well. So sometimes people do get lazy if they see other mods/admins on and they take it upon themselves to slim down during rounds. Im not that type of person. I actually try to handle everything to the best of my ability I have been a super admin on an older server called switchy entertainments for about 3 months. I was a mod on 2 other servers for about 3 months but they both went down. Ive been a mod for traitorsunited.com until about november. Then I got promoted to admin. So about a year here. Sure some may say its just a game, yet isnt this just a forum? There I get to meet new people and enjoy hours of killing each other for fun XD I also get to know them better on our game server forums. Yet I was suggested here by my SuperAdmin WolfyNick. He says this forum is good but its been dead recently. I hope not :c Ive also been an admin on a terraria server for about 4 months until me and the owner had a falling out since he reset the world 15+ of our members spent building. So I left that behind. If you have played Terraria you would know that it takes alot of time to build, much more than Minecraft. Now on another foot note I am bisexual yet not strong in this field. Sure I like girls and guys but that doesnt mean Im a whore. I wont slander myself to anyone or anything. I have standards. So thats that. So thats my sexual preference out of the way, now onto religion. I dont give a damn what you believe in. I dont, sorry. It causes too much trouble/drama to discuss. So it doesnt matter nor should it matter what I believe in. If my religion sways you away from me if you were interested in being my friend/more than we had nothing to start with. I love almost any anime/manga series excepttttttttttttt for Bobobobobo. I dont like that 
