http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?124632-Princess-Tutu
 Princess Tutu
 Series: Princess Tutu Release Date: 2002 Genre: Comedy, drama, mystery, psychological, romance Director: Junichi Sato Creator: Masahiro Totsuka Number of Episodes: 26 Overview: From ANN 13-year-old ballet student Ahiru is clumsy, good-hearted and sweet... and has a big secret. The mysterious deceased storyteller Drosselmayer morphed a young duck into a girl to give her a mission: help a Prince to get the parts of his heart back and bring Drosselmayer’s story to an end. With that in mind, she morphs into Princess Tutu, whose magical dances ease the pain and purifies the bad feelings. Controversy regarding the number of episodes  Spoiler Depending on where you look the number of episodes may vary from 26 to 38. This is because the latter half of the series (for whatever reason) had its episodes split in half when they were broadcasted in Japan, resulting in short 12 minute episodes. This was corrected in the DVD release where the spilt episodes were put back together. Personal Opinion The story heavily focuses around Ballet, it is what our characters do in their daily lives, it’s what our heroine uses to ease the pain in people’s hearts and large parts of the story are told through the art of dancing. This not only makes the show feel somewhat unique but it also displays the passion and motivations behind these characters, and the leading characters are pretty solid, all four of them have something meaningful to contribute to the story. As for the side characters however, the classes feline teacher is hit and miss, he’s a running gag and the humour surrounding this character is very subjective though he does have some purpose being in the plot as a slight mentor figure. The same cannot be said for Ahiru/Duck’s two friends Pike and Lilie whom constantly bring the show to a halt, not enough to detriment the overall story but enough to be considered filler, though as the series goes on they appear less often. The rest of the side characters are fairly good, Drosselmayer especially with his demented view on how this story should end, because Princess Tutu is a fight against fate, a fascinating one to watch at that. This is a magical girl show, normally a child friendly genre filled with reused transformation sequences and series of a very episodic nature, being like a monster of the week show. These are still present in Tutu however they are toned down a little, for example the magical girl transformation is extremely short so the sequence doesn’t feel repetitive. It does stay true to the monster of the week format for in this case character of the week where a new character is introduced in one episode to have their problems or insecurities addressed and then they are dropped for the next one. These episodes do not feel like filler though as our leading four characters either develop a little or we learn something new about them. Plus while most of the episodes have their stand alone stories the overall plot moves along reasonable pace and when the episodes start to get a little bit boring the show completely turns around on its heels and throws in something new without it being contrived. Some of the twists are surprisingly dark given the type of show this is. In fact Pincess Tutu manages to do something a lot of kid’s anime fail to accomplish, be simple enough for children to both understand and enjoy but complex enough to grip an adult with the themes explored in the anime as well as the use of stories from different ballets. Visually the series is... passable, this little gem was brought to us by Hal Film Maker who don’t have a lot of noteworthy titles under their belt though they have assisted other studios, so the budget is limited. Backgrounds are nothing special but the spot like effect they use from time to time is a nice touch and defiantly fits well the series. Character models are adorable suiting the fairy tale nature of the show, animation fairly good during the dance sequences but when they’re finished the show relies heavily on key frames. So it’s by no means a bad looking anime. Audio wise the music is one of the series’ greatest strengths, using a range of well composed ballet and classical music, most of which are already famous themes like Swan Lake. Some might claim that this approach is unoriginal however it works extremely well not only due to the series centring along ballet but because the many references to other stories tutu contains. Plus the music is used masterfully, to the point where it is basically the soul of the show. Both vocal tracks the handled well with the exception of the English’s portrayal of Mytho who was nailed at the start as a boring, empty character, but as the series went on and the prince received some of his heart back not enough effort was made to develop this character’s voice as he became more interesting. On the flip side though Chris Patton’s Fakir is very well preformed and is probably the highlight of the dub. Overall I would never class a series as a must watch because it sounds somewhat forceful. However I will say That Princess Tutu is something everyone should defiantly look into regardless of age or gender. I give Princess Tutu a high recommendation for being an inspired musical gem with a lot of heart behind it. 
 Last edited by Green Bird; 02-21-2012 at 10:00 AM. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
