http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157778-Concerning-Critics-Do-Their-Voices-Matter-Any-More-Than-Ours
 Concerning Critics: Do Their Voices Matter Any More Than Ours?
 First off, the wall of text was pretty hard to read. Use them paragraph thingamabobs. The question is: Do their voices matter more than any of ours They can certainly be more influential, but that doesn't necessarily mean that their opinions are inherently more important. Credits aren't a unified front, they aren't an objective source of information despite some of them insisting otherwise. I myself have struggled with whether or not my views on anything are objectively correct and therefore cannot be invalidated by any form of reasoning. Good, because if you weren't there would be no room for discussion in the first place. You would just post your thoughts and think there would be no reason to continue the dialogue because you are right. When I see a negative review of something I like or even someone complaining about something I like on the internet, I feel shame for liking that very thing It's anime, it's entertainment. If someone disliking a show is affecting you on a personal level then I think you might need to get your priorities straight. You are not your love for Hunter X Hunter (just picking it as a random example,) an attack on the show is not an attack on you. I think SAO is a pile of ****, and Yoda likes it (a lot,) but I don't think negatively of him because he likes a cartoon. What I mean is that there seems to exist an element of "factual quality" as I have called it in the past (i.e. the animation is good, this person's acting was deplorable, etc.) Those conclusions mean nothing at face value. What's important is the reasoning given and whether or not that information matters to you. I like Bamboo Blade, and if someone criticized it for being boring because they are next to no tournaments then fine. The lack of tournaments didn't bother me, but it didn't his or her standards thus they found it dull, fair enough. On the other hand, if someone criticized it for being a Moe show like K-on, then I would disagree and engage him or her in a dialogue, where wonderful opinions will be shared in the hopes in properly understand each other's view points, (In theory anyway.) 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
