http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154356-3-Reasons-Why-Fate-Zero-Is-Better-Than-Your-Favorite-Anime-(Without-Spoilers)/page2
[Anime] 3 Reasons Why Fate/Zero Is Better Than Your Favorite Anime (Without Spoilers) - Page 2
 Originally Posted by ZeRoGravity You can watch the new FSN by ufotable when it airs. http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news...n-teaser-video Possibly a better choice than the DEEN version. Yeah you're right. I'll probably give this a watch instead of the original. One of the things that impressed me the most about Fate/Zero was the visuals, It'll be great if they can incorporate that into Stay/Night 
 Hopefully they key animators up their game for the Fate/Stay remake. Obviously, I love Fate/Zero. But the animation itself wasn't stellar. The entire visual presentation is solid and consistent, but UFO Table needs to level up their animation basics. 

 i loved that franchise but my favorite anime is naruto and i think that is better don't judge!!! please.... cuz naruto has an awesome plot and everything you mentioned above, but just because its ongoing does not make the series any worst... anyway yes there are some genuine biiiitches in the show but aside from that the characters are awesome! like i mean every anime has biiitches you cant deny that. every character has a purpose and has a past and they explain it with detail and naruto is just awesome. but i loved reading your reasons, even though i still think naruto is better... i mean people say that the naruto fanbase will just **** people if they go againsed but thats cuz people underrate it alot and so they are just being a dick ya know. but they dont put me down.... i dont ever get this worked up with my language but i was really being biased when i wrote this cuz of all the shitty comments i read about naruto, i mean dont like it? fine. i dont wake up everyday to impress you... thoses people seriously need to go to hell.... no no sadly they cant go to hell.... because heavens too full and hell don't want them... oh well sucks to be them. i hate underrating haters!! i mean if you'r going to be an assshole than bit*h dont comment on a naruto blog saying i hate naruto. why the fu*k are you on this blog any way? get the fuuck outtt!!! sorry i told you i was gonna be biased :P sorry for all that, i truly am, but it just really feel good to know some else's reactions on this and i do love fate/zero and fate stay night they're both amazing!!! but as always naruto's better 
 Last edited by ScarletWitch_147; 12-27-2013 at 10:52 PM. 
love the life you live, live the life you love nothing can stop you ... only your own body and mind can stand in you way..
 A crazy, objectively wrong rant on A4?! Unheard of! 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I think we can all agree that the most well written anime of all time is First of the North Star. But seriously, this was very well done. I have never heard of this anime, but you make me want to stop the other 3 series I'm watching and marathon this. Even If only to see if you were right! If it's half as good as you make it sound, then I've been squandering my life! 
 Last edited by Andross; 12-28-2013 at 12:02 AM. 
 "The most manly ambition ever is to woo many women. Feel free to make that quote your SIG or something." -Genesis Rhapsodos
 Originally Posted by ScarletWitch_147 i loved that franchise but my favorite anime is naruto and i think that is better don't judge!!! please.... cuz naruto has an awesome plot and everything you mentioned above, but just because its ongoing does not make the series any worst... anyway yes there are some genuine biiiitches in the show but aside from that the characters are awesome! like i mean every anime has biiitches you cant deny that. every character has a purpose and has a past and they explain it with detail and naruto is just awesome. but i loved reading your reasons, even though i still think naruto is better... i mean people say that the naruto fanbase will just **** people if they go againsed but thats cuz people underrate it alot and so they are just being a dick ya know. but they dont put me down.... i dont ever get this worked up with my language but i was really being biased when i wrote this cuz of all the shitty comments i read about naruto, i mean dont like it? fine. i dont wake up everyday to impress you... thoses people seriously need to go to hell.... no no sadly they cant go to hell.... because heavens too full and hell don't want them... oh well sucks to be them. i hate underrating haters!! i mean if you'r going to be an assshole than bit*h dont comment on a naruto blog saying i hate naruto. why the fu*k are you on this blog any way? get the fuuck outtt!!! sorry i told you i was gonna be biased :P sorry for all that, i truly am, but it just really feel good to know some else's reactions on this and i do love fate/zero and fate stay night they're both amazing!!! but as always naruto's better You should probably avoid anything I write on Naruto. Originally Posted by Andross I think we can all agree that the most well written anime of all time is First of the North Star. But seriously, this was very well done. I have never heard of this anime, but you make me want to stop the other 3 series I'm watching and marathon this. Even If only to see if you were right! If it's half as good as you make it sound, then I've been squandering my life! Ha! Well, I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. What are you watching right now? 

 but UFO Table needs to level up their animation basics. If they bring the same level of quality from Kara no Kyoukai, it would be amazing. Originally Posted by ScarletWitch_147 i loved that franchise but my favorite anime is naruto and i think that is better don't judge!!! please.... cuz naruto has an awesome plot and everything you mentioned above, but just because its ongoing does not make the series any worst... anyway yes there are some genuine biiiitches in the show but aside from that the characters are awesome! like i mean every anime has biiitches you cant deny that. every character has a purpose and has a past and they explain it with detail and naruto is just awesome. but i loved reading your reasons, even though i still think naruto is better... i mean people say that the naruto fanbase will just **** people if they go againsed but thats cuz people underrate it alot and so they are just being a dick ya know. but they dont put me down.... i dont ever get this worked up with my language but i was really being biased when i wrote this cuz of all the shitty comments i read about naruto, i mean dont like it? fine. i dont wake up everyday to impress you... thoses people seriously need to go to hell.... no no sadly they cant go to hell.... because heavens too full and hell don't want them... oh well sucks to be them. i hate underrating haters!! i mean if you'r going to be an assshole than bit*h dont comment on a naruto blog saying i hate naruto. why the fu*k are you on this blog any way? get the fuuck outtt!!! sorry i told you i was gonna be biased :P sorry for all that, i truly am, but it just really feel good to know some else's reactions on this and i do love fate/zero and fate stay night they're both amazing!!! but as always naruto's better What the hell did I just read 
 Mushishi, your argument is invalid. 
 Originally Posted by Protoss Mushishi, your argument is invalid. I do love Mushi-shi, one of my most favorite episodic series in existence. In fact, I should re-watch it sometime soon. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai What are you watching right now? I'm Watching the new Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, Attack on Titan, and Ben-to. I have someone that keeps yelling at me to watch Steins;gate too so I might pick that up as well. But now I have to either finish some or make room cause this sounds like mandatory watching. 
 "The most manly ambition ever is to woo many women. Feel free to make that quote your SIG or something." -Genesis Rhapsodos
 Just started watching the series today because of how well you guys praised it. Needless to say, i'm speechless. I loved every aspect of this anime, and I'm truly grateful that I got to watch it. I'm embarrassed to say this, but for some reason I couldn't stop the tears ;-; Now how did you guys feel when you finished watching this? I can't even explain in words how I felt about most of the scenes. Did you feel sad, depressed, or even feel like ending your life because of how ridiculous it was >.<? I didn't, but hell I would understand if most people felt pretty depressed after the end of this. 
 Looking at the 3 points in this thread 1. Every character is interesting/important 2. Everything serves a theme 3. The ending makes sense Definitely applies to my favorite anime, Monster, and I would still fault monster somewhat for meandering (since it's 70+ episodes). I'm not sure Fate/Zero ranks that highly with me even though I agree all these things apply. For most anime, I'm pretty forgiving of most technical problems as long as they have some "punch" to them. I need some emotional impact basically. So the thing that bugs me about Fate/Zero as a title is that I felt a little let down by one rather important fight of Saber's towards the end of the second season. It wasn't what I expected and seemed like they left quite a bit out. I'm not sure I can appreciate how it ended or what the resolution was basically. For me, a show like Madoka Magica rates a lot higher than Fate/Zero because it handles moods better and gives me what I'm looking for in terms of a release of the tension/suspense/whatever that's been built up over the series. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 01-02-2014 at 05:30 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by Tenken For most anime, I'm pretty forgiving of most technical problems as long as they have some "punch" to them. I need some emotional impact basically. So the thing that bugs me about Fate/Zero as a title is that I felt a little let down by one rather important fight of Saber's towards the end of Fate/Zero. It wasn't what I expected and seemed like they left quite a bit out. I thought the lack of clear backstory in the anime for Saber and the anti-climactic fight took away from things a bit. Very well said. I agree with this. As KT has demonstrated thoroughly, Fate/Zero is a technically superior anime, but I feel it does lack a bit of that "punch" that you mentioned. My favorite parts were the fascinating and thought-provoking conversations between the characters -- and those were interesting and extremely entertaining, but they didn't...sink in...the way that something more emotionally resounding might. FMA: Brotherhood got that right as far as I'm concerned, as well as Madoka (which I finally got around to watching just today), but Fate/Zero felt a little empty in that department -- though, honestly, it hardly suffers from it. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I suspect that you were disappointed with that particular moment exactly because the plot was too airtight, and that's mostly because F/Z is a prequel.  Spoiler Saber getting the shaft in F/Z sets the all-important stage for her in F/S. Because in F/S she re-enters the Grail war without knowing its true form, its motivations, or anything. If she knew what the Grail actually was she would not re-enter or, more likely, she'd come back solely to defeat it. But because she never witnessed any of the important revelations before Kiritsugu effectively ended the war for her she never found out what was going on, and she could pursue the next Grail war earnestly without knowing what's going on. And just to make it even more interesting, the reason she's able to participate in the very next war -- despite the possibility of countless other heroic spirits existing to fill the role of "Saber" -- is because Kiritsugu placed excalibur's scabbard within Shirou. For me it was the thought-provoking conversations that were the "punch" so I am clearly biased when it comes to thing like that. The conclusion for every character was just perfect so I can't see that lack of impact that you can. I'm simply too biased! I'd never considered a plot being too tight and lacking punch before, and I can see why someone would accuse F/Z of that. That's an interesting way to look at it, and I suspect there's other shows out there that might suffer from it more tangibly than F/Z. I'll keep an eye out for that from now on. 

 Really? Fate zero was so captivating for me that I felt extremely emotional because the show just thew so many curve balls just when you thought you knew what was gonna happen. Like struggler said, some of my favorite parts were the philosophical conversations between Gilgamesh and whatnot ,but other than that some of my favorite parts in the entire series was  Spoiler Kiritsigu single handingly defeating Lancer and his master. Or when Kiritsigui strangled his own daughter in his dream, or when he kills the girl in the flashback, when his assistant dies. Or when Alexendar runs towards and gilgamesh dies and the feels all over this anime. I dunno that's my personal opinion but the show as captivating as hell and I got emotionally attached to the various characters. However, I can understand that point of view, since I don't think about Fate zero anymore where as characters deaths in other anime are still pretty devastating when it comes to thought randomly. 
 I bet you like it better than my favorite anime but your thoughts are very subjective to your personality. I really wanted to watch something that is better than my favorite wether its only twice as good or 100 times as good. better would be better. Obviously but right off the bat you describe naruto as aimless. naruto is ok and doesn't make my top ten list but his goal is spelled out clearly. he wants to go from being an outcast orphan to the leader of his people. thats not aimless by far. Later on his aim broadens as he matures to wanting to end hatred and revenge. sounds impossible but it not aimless so it isn't personal preference to say naruto has an aim. it would have to be personal preference to ignore that poignant part of the story. Ichigo's goal is to protect his friends. he states that quite plainly and his ideal of being self sacrificing towards his loved ones may or may not be relatable but ichigo can't be said to have no goal. so I would have to question your reasoning right out of the gate. so from what I understand about fate zero: the goal most of the mains is to win a mystical contest to gain unlimited power. And the all powerful grail thinks the way to decide who deserves this power is a battle to the death. Sounds good so far. I don't need a complicated reason for a good battle. Maybe they could throw in a sayian who wants to train really hard to gain ultimate power also. Who doesn't want ultimate power. (just kidding a little) I bet some of the characters may want the grail to be better rulers for their people or to protect their loved ones. You might even say they are aimless and have no goals at all. I'm gonna watch it and hope its better than all of my favorites combined. I just hope episode 2 isn't as pretentious as the first. I never judge by the first episode and I bet I like it. And I really really want it to be 100 times better than everything. who wouldn't. thanks for the suggestion. One thing I'll give you right off the bat though. reason three. an end. my favorite has one. and its important. So I hope its a good one. 
 Last edited by omwla; 01-02-2014 at 10:42 PM. 
 Originally Posted by omwla naruto is ok and doesn't make my top ten list but his goal is spelled out clearly. he wants to go from being an outcast orphan to the leader of his people. thats not aimless by far. Later on his aim broadens as he matures to wanting to end hatred and revenge. sounds impossible but it not aimless You can rationalize the plot within it's own universe but I'm talking about writing mechanics. Nothing that happens post-Sasuke Rescue Arc makes any sense with what was established previously. Ichigo's goal is to protect his friends. he states that quite plainly and his ideal of being self sacrificing towards his loved ones may or may not be relatable but ichigo can't be said to have no goal. Again, you're rationalizing. I'm talking about the writing. I bet some of the characters may want the grail to be better rulers for their people or to protect their loved ones. You might even say they are aimless and have no goals at all. I don't really follow your reasoning. At all. Perhaps we should agree to disagree? 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai You can rationalize the plot within it's own universe but I'm talking about writing mechanics. Nothing that happens post-Sasuke Rescue Arc makes any sense with what was established previously. Again, you're rationalizing. I'm talking about the writing. I don't really follow your reasoning. At all. Perhaps we should agree to disagree? well just take your thoughts on naruto. writing mechanics is punctuation and spelling so unless your talking about the manga and all the words were miss spelled and to many comas were used then I'm not sure what you mean. but Your anime doesn't have any filler so for that reason I would think its better except I can skip all the filler and look at the main story so now I'm back to square one. after the sauke rescue arc you say nothing makes sense with what was previously set up. that doesn't really make sense. most everything after that deals with the aktsuki which were well formed in the search for tsunade arc. Maybe you mean after the war is over and (i'm guessing) madura is defeated your statement will make sense but I don't plan on watching after that. so everyones points are subjective to their personalities and views of what they want out of an anime but as to this "I bet some of the characters may want the grail to be better rulers for their people or to protect their loved ones. You might even say they are aimless and have no goals at all." My reasoning behind it is what you claim is the problem with bleach and naruto (again, neither is in my top ten). Ichigo and naruto were aimless characters without goals. it wasn't so. I'm betting the main characters in your anime may want the grail to gain power for the same ends. so by your view they would be aimless. but is a mystical all powerful chalice picking people to battle over who gets a giant wish is great writing then *** happy days*** we can all stop watching what we are watching and switch over. You understand I am just messing with you a tiny bit though all I say is true. I liked the first ep enough to watch more. twice as good as cowboy bebop though? I hope so but have my doubts 
 Last edited by KT Samurai; 01-03-2014 at 09:33 AM. 
 Totally, as long everything is spelled properly, and proper grammar, punctuation, and syntax is used in a manga, the writing is perfect! Also, this brief article will sum up the rest of my thoughts on the subject, which completely line up with omwla's here. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 When I say "writing mechanics" I'm talking about the story as a cohesive, structured whole and not necessarily the punctuation, capitalization, or anything like that. I'm talking narrative flow and direction. Naruto and Bleach have incredibly weak narrative flow and direction because their direction has changed so many times over the years. It's hard to pin down just how many times their focus has changed within their stories but with Naruto I like to break it down by talking about how many times his training has changed over the years. Naruto's training starts out strong, everything is relevant and interesting and it's just great. Early on Naruto learns the basics along with his classmates. All of the genin stuff is pretty great and follows a clear structure. Naruto is still finding his way.During the chuunin exam arc Kakashi notes that his particular brand of training may not be suited to Naruto and suggests that he might need a new teacher. This is established well because Kakashi plants the seed early and the change happens over time. Naruto doesn't just get a new teach immediately, it takes time for the change to happen. And that's good.Naruto meets Jiraiya and begins to study under him. Initially, Jiraiya's approach involves expelling as much of Naruto's chakra as fast as possible so that he can use the kyuubi's chakra instead. This lesson is exemplified when Naruto learns how to use the summoning technique we know about today.During the Search for Tsunade arc Jiraiya teaches Naruto control by showing him how to perform the rasengan. This is shown in great detail, right down the individual steps involved in preparing to perform the technique, and, while not the most exciting thing in the world, was set up well and made sense within the universe's own rationale. This lesson also solidifies Naruto's emphasis on ninjutsu, which compliments his wily tactical nature and creative approach to difficult problems. At this point Shippuuden kicks in and the logic that has been so painstakingly established begins to break down. A lot of previously-established information is invalidated or completely ignored with little to no foreshadowing or even explanation, and it begins to happen almost immediately. It's made immediately apparent that, despite disappearing with Jiraiya to go off and train for 3 years, Naruto is in need of a power up. This is accomplished by teaching Naruto his elemental affinity. To do this two previously-established rules set up earlier in the show are changed or added to without any set up.It is revealed that, despite no mention of this previously in the show's history up to that point, Naruto's shadow clone technique can help him learn faster. This fact becomes vital in his new training but is never mentioned again.It turns out that everyone in the show up to this point has an elemental affinity that must be discovered by clutching a piece of paper. This training is never mentioned before and would have clearly been incredibly important much earlier in Naruto's life. It would make the most sense to have Naruto use this training immediately after becoming a genin but, obviously, this stuff hadn't been created back then.Edit: Jiraiya completely changes the emphasis on his training. Previously, he stated that Naruto's strength was in harnessing the kyuubi's chakra after expelling his own. Now, after offering up no reasoning as to why his previous training method was flawed, he 180's and states that Naruto's strength is his own chakra. This effectively undoes everything Naruto learned during his summoning technique training yet is never fully explored or explained.Still in need of a power up, Naruto learns senjutsu from the frogs, a form of chakra molding that we as the audience did not know about up to this point. This is problematic because:It turns out Jiraiya had been using senjutsu all this time without this fact ever being revealed to the audience. Had he ever mentioned it before, like when he confronted Itachi and Kisame back in the Search for Tsunade arc, this could have made sense. But he didn't, and it's obvious that this is because senjutsu wasn't conceptualized by the writers until much later.Apparently other ninja have been using senjutsu for generations. Again, this makes no sense since senjutsu isn't revealed until Shippuuden is well underway.Edit: This is also an entirely new form of chakra obtained from an outside source, effectively changing the entire game of chakra as it was established all those years ago, all for the sole purpose of allowing Naruto the ability to drum up chakra anytime he needs it. His chakra was reserve was immeasurably vast before, now it's basically endless and actually harms one of this previously established innate strengths.Senjutsu just plain did not exist until Naruto needed to get stronger and learned it.Sasuke is also using it. Somehow. Following Naruto's training alone shows you how meandering the plot for the show is. This isn't even accounting for things like how Sakura was basically forgotten about until Shippuuden and received no character development for years at a time, how Itachi's entire motivation and character was changed, or even the fact that the current villain the entire cast is rallying against -- Madara -- didn't even exist in the show's narrative until Shippuuden. Let me re-iterate that last point: this story began back in 1999 and only in 2009 -- 10 years later -- did we get any hints about who the big bad guy is. That's partly because the big bad guy changed for no reason (it used to be Orochimaru), but it's mostly because this story is a mess. Naruto, as a story, is a cluster**** and has gone through bouts of greatness, awfulness, purposefulness, and aimlessness. It's a train wreck where writing is concerned. Don't get me started on Bleach, it's so incredibly bad that I dropped it a long time ago. 
 Last edited by KT Samurai; 01-03-2014 at 11:19 AM. 

 I'll be honest. I didn't really read most of that last one. I just saw a guy on tv. a super genius. He was going to use science to make a perfect joke because he wanted to be funny. all the while. as smart as he was. smarter than everyone in the room. he could not see how subjective humor was. maybe to some a joke is way to meandering. to others. to long. Yet some smart guy is going to fill out some note cards and say that some people who think its funny must be wrong because of a, b , c and x, y, z. Naruto is the story of a world. its a story broadly told from the point of view of the leaf village. and narrowly told from the point of view of one boy. so because of a,b,c and x,y,z some young fella who is certainly much smarter than me is going to tell all the people who love every scrap of story line that they never want to end is no where near as good as his favorite story. I bet you are even smart enough to prove it mathematically. and you would still be wrong because what people like is completely subjective to their own thoughts and fancies. 
 I'm not telling you what to like. I'm telling you that, as a piece of fiction -- for which there is a long history of literature and study to refer to -- Naruto is a jumbled mess of a story that pales in comparison to Fate/Zero (and Bacanno, and Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood, and Madoka). It used to be tighter, it used to make more sense, and now it doesn't. It's totally okay to like something that is flawed. I enjoy the hell out of a lot of stupid, corny things. But to elevate them simply because you like them is just delusion. Your love for Naruto may indeed be subjective and that's totally fine. But its writing is objectively, provably bad. 

 Reading this thread makes me want to marathon Fate Zero. Guess I'll go do that. And that Fate Stay Night remake looks great! Too bad Aniplex is the one distributing it. D: I really hate how expensive they are. Speaking of Fate Stay Night, I never read the VN. Is it good? 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai FMA:B is definitely part of the exception category. It's on Fate/Zero's level at least. Whew, I was scared for a minute. If you didn't concede that FMA: Brotherhood was at least as good as Fate/Zero, we were gonna have to fight. :3 I enjoyed both series immensely, the unmitigated bastardry in Fate/Zero was ridiculous to the point where I was thinking about it for a week after (until the next episode topped it with an act of greater bastardry). I honestly can't say what it is about Brotherhood that makes me like it more, but for whatever reason, I feel like it's a better experience than Fate/Zero. It's probably the message behind the show being lighter and more positive that makes me favor it over Fate/Zero. On an semi-related note, I feel like I must go back and watch Fate/Zero again. *EDIT* I love reading what KT writes. I love that it's always right on. I love KT... 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Blue Star Reading this thread makes me want to marathon Fate Zero. Guess I'll go do that. And that Fate Stay Night remake looks great! Too bad Aniplex is the one distributing it. D: I really hate how expensive they are. Speaking of Fate Stay Night, I never read the VN. Is it good? It's worth reading if you enjoyed the anime. You will understand a lot more from the vn. 
