http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152153-Gold-Diggers
[General Discussion] Gold Diggers.
 So, recently I have seen a video of a guy introducing himself to a random girl and calling her out for dinner which she refuses instantly. After he shows her his car, she changes her mind at the speed of the light. Probably most of you have seen it anyway. This gave me idea to open this thread. So A4, does any of you know someone who is a gold digger (doesn't have to be a woman btw ) ? And, what do you think of these people? 
 I know a gold digger and her name is Elv...well maybe names aren't that important. I don't really see anything wrong with gold diggers. Most of the people who are with them know that they are gold diggers and if you can't see it then you kinda deserve what you get. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 I don't know any gold diggers, personally. But I'm going to have to agree with Jellz. The people that are with them already know that they are gold diggers. 
​
 Originally Posted by Jellz I know a gold digger and her name is Elv...well maybe names aren't that important. I don't really see anything wrong with gold diggers. Most of the people who are with them know that they are gold diggers and if you can't see it then you kinda deserve what you get. Lololololo you don't think it's wrong because your a digger! Anyhow yeah i understand, it is pretty easy to tell and if it's happening to you its because you do not mind paying for relations. 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 Never met any, I tend to test people to find this out. Usually it's really easy to spot them though. 
 Just so you know, typically videos like these aren't the most reliable sources of information. For all we know it was scripted. In any case, yeah, my ex's friends were all gold diggers. It was ridiculous. They would only date doctors or higher. We're talking 22 year old really cute girls going on dates with 35 to 45 year old doctors and company executives, and they would talk about it without any shame whatsoever. To them they were making an intelligent choice economically which I suppose is fair enough logic. Anyway, people want what they want. Look at it this way: a lot of people would take really shitty work conditions if it would put them in the top 1% of socioeconomic status. I would be Al from Home Improvement's designated ass wiper if it paid $10,000,000/month. The fact that somebody would marry somebody they don't particularly like to be put into a similar economic situation doesn't surprise me much. 
 My cousin is a goldigger and married a millionaire and so she finds herself so blinded by bling that she forgot the man has no personalty, is abusive in every kind of way and gave her hell for having three miscarriages Pathetic is the word for goldiggers, they have no substance as a human being and so indulge in objects. Its sad. 
 Originally Posted by Naaz33 My cousin is a goldigger and married a millionaire and so she finds herself so blinded by bling that she forgot the man has no personalty, is abusive in every kind of way and gave her hell for having three miscarriages Pathetic is the word for goldiggers, they have no substance as a human being and so indulge in objects. Its sad. That cousin's name? Albert Einstein. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee That cousin's name? Albert Einstein. Albert Asstein more like 
 Pretty sure you're referring to this video  Spoiler And I don't think it's scripted. And besides looking it from a womans perspective in that who cares she is getting money and she knows it. If you're the guy and you're in this situation you're an idiot. Stupid enough to lust over a womans body and stupid enough to be taken advantage of. 
 I don't know about any gold diggers but whether they are searching for gold or diamond is best left for them to decide. People see happiness in different forms. It's all about the mindset. 
 Gold diggers are terrible people really. Why people fall for them for any reason I will never know. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I've never met any gold digging people before, but I'm sure there's plenty of them out there. Don't really understand why people do the things they do. I myself for one though, could never be with or marry someone just for their money. Feel like a old soul. 
 Never met one, never want to meet one. If i ever did I'd slap the ***** 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 gold digfers get money and their partners get arm candy. oh noes! who cares, to each their own. generally these relationships are pretty transparent and everyone involved knows the score. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 I've seen the video... if I even have an excess of money in life, I will definitely be doing that and telling them to **** off, and make a huge montage. Would be even better if I'm like 60 yrs old. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Never actually met one but I hear people talking about people they know who are. In my opinion, gold diggers are just disgusting. Willing to sell out their own lives just to get rich is really low. Even lower if they either divorce/murder the rich individual just to do it all over again. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Originally Posted by Game Over Never actually met one but I hear people talking about people they know who are. In my opinion, gold diggers are just disgusting. Willing to sell out their own lives just to get rich is really low. Even lower if they either divorce/murder the rich individual just to do it all over again. I doubt they do it again, the first one gives them more than enough money, they just wanna lose the connections as soon as possible. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I know of gold diggers, the type who don't know you when you're a normal guy, but when you make it you suddenly start getting texts and calls. One of the first things they tell you is they start congratulating you on that new job/promotion/car. Or telling you that they "heard". Gee, like I didn't think before that this was the reason you called out the blue. 

 Yeah, no love for em', but nothing against them either. Like most have already said, most already know how the arrangement works. Anna-Nicole Smith? Marrying a 90-something oil tycoon because he'd make a loving father someday to their many children they'd have together over the next few... oh wait, he was ****ing 90-something. It felt like a fair trade for him. He knew it wasn't for love, and that bimbo knew it too. He got to bang a young blonde, and in return she received some financial security. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 I'd definitely go for a girl that was insanely rich. It just means I can spend less time working and more time ****ing. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 I don't know any gold diggers personally, but I think they're pretty easy to spot. 

 Originally Posted by Zer0 Pretty sure you're referring to this video  Spoiler And I don't think it's scripted. And besides looking it from a womans perspective in that who cares she is getting money and she knows it. If you're the guy and you're in this situation you're an idiot. Stupid enough to lust over a womans body and stupid enough to be taken advantage of. Um,yes. That ones. And I must disagree that it's easy to spot gold diggers. It's hard to spot smart ones. 
 Originally Posted by Pinky The Blue Flamingo gold digfers get money and their partners get arm candy. oh noes! who cares, to each their own. generally these relationships are pretty transparent and everyone involved knows the score. What about respecting yourself or being respectable? It's literally selling yourself as sex, is what it is. Generally the shallow relationships are not transparent, even if the buyer knows what the relationship is in the back of their head, most of the time the seller of sex will have to pretend to actually care about the other person - disgusting. And if it is transparent, a mutual sugar-parent and sugar-baby agreement, that's even more classless. I like how morals and respect aren't being mentioned in this thread yet. ---------- A sugar momma/maybe daddy does seem like something I would be happy to have, for those of you looking to use my words against me. lol 
 My personal opinion? Well, i've always considered gold diggers to be pretty shameless, manipulative, selfish, and skanky people who most likely care more about money or what a person has, than the person they are with for who they are on the inside. For instance, whoever they are with at the moment they would very most likely dump or cheat on, if someone else better and richer came along. *shrugs* 
 
