http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158129-What-was-your-first-job/page2
[General Discussion] What was your first job? - Page 2
 Target when I was 17. They immediately gave me the work of two people (I had to load two platforms), never gave me more than 15 seconds of explanation as to what I had to do, and would pull me aside for a pep talk every time I wasn't performing as well as was expected of a Target employee. The complaints they had about me were: 1. Sitting on the floor while stocking the very bottom shelves before the store was even open (she called it a "fire hazard"). 2. My stacked pallet falling over because I was too rushed to balance everything properly. 3. Not knowing where the adult diapers were on my second day at the store. 4. Apparently not working fast enough. On the last day I was deathly sick with a high fever but I went in anyway. During the shift I started to fade, and asked if I could go home. My boss told me the truck unloading would be done in 10 minutes, which was a lie because an hour later I was still there, and finally the idiots at the front of the conveyor belt shoved the boxes forward in anger because the idiots at the back shoved them back in anger, causing me to jam my finger. Fortunately I wasn't seriously injured but it hurt like a mother****er, pissed me off, and I told my mouth breather boss to let me out. On the way out he said "You're not working with any energy or enthusiasm," so I simply uttered "Yeah, don't worry because I'm not coming back." Got my final paycheck a few days later and never looked back. Oh well, my second job was working for my uncle in construction which paid much more (all under the table as well) and was a **** of a lot more rewarding. The job taught me that retail is a horrible place, so that's good. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Oh well, my second job was working for my uncle in construction which paid much more (all under the table as well) and was a **** of a lot more rewarding. The job taught me that retail is a horrible place, so that's good. Ive been down the retail road in the past, currently have an off the books job. Couldnt be happier. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 My first job was at McDonald's when I was 15 or 16. I only got the job because a number of my friends worked there (both from my school at the time, and the one I had been kicked out of a few months earlier), so despite the job being complete and total ****, I still managed to enjoy myself from time to time. I was hired as perhaps the most vital member of the staff: the "bun boy." I put the burger buns through a big toaster. They totally needed a separate job just for that...I also sometimes had to run the fryer, which was ****ing awful. Standing over hot grease for an entire shift is miserable. I would get so hot and nauseous that every once in a while I'd just walk away and go stand in the freezer for a while to cool off (pretending to get more fries). Washing dishes was lame too, so I only sort of did it -- I just rinsed everything off, and didn't use soap because who needs it, amirite? Anyway, a few months or so after working there (I have no idea how long exactly), I was at home baling hay or some other **** out in the barn and got a call from one of my managers asking where I was, since I was apparently supposed to work that day. Told her I didn't know I was working and she asked when I'd be in, and I just gave her a, "ehhhh, I don't think I'm going to come in," and quit. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 My first job was babysitting starting when I was around 11ish. I did that for some time until high school where I got a job at Chuck E Cheeses. I did everything from take orders, waitress, work the prize counter, be Chuck E., sing songs for the kids/ birthday (talk about humiliating). I graduated high school early and went to days at Chuck E and then got a part time job as a skate park attendant in the evenings. Once I went off to college I got a job at a fast food place for a short while then went on to working at a Stadium. We did everything from sports to conferences to concerts. Once I graduated college I got a job at Petsmart for a short time until I got into loss prevention at Wal-Mart, moving to management in a year. Working salary in retail can be the worst, they'll work you like a slave cause they don't have to pay overtime. I did that for a number of years until I finally got the career I was looking for and I don't ever plan on changing jobs 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by cberg My first job was babysitting starting when I was around 11ish. I did that for some time until high school where I got a job at Chuck E Cheeses. I did everything from take orders, waitress, work the prize counter, be Chuck E., sing songs for the kids/ birthday (talk about humiliating). I graduated high school early and went to days at Chuck E and then got a part time job as a skate park attendant in the evenings. Once I went off to college I got a job at a fast food place for a short while then went on to working at a Stadium. We did everything from sports to conferences to concerts. Once I graduated college I got a job at Petsmart for a short time until I got into loss prevention at Wal-Mart, moving to management in a year. Working salary in retail can be the worst, they'll work you like a slave cause they don't have to pay overtime. I did that for a number of years until I finally got the career I was looking for and I don't ever plan on changing jobs I spent a year at wal-mart myself after college, first on the deli floor, then in my store's cash/accounting office. I can't believe the kind of hours they had management put in for such weak pay. At my store, there were new assistant managers doing 60 hour weeks making maybe just under 40K. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by Tenken I spent a year at wal-mart myself after college, first on the deli floor, then in my store's cash/accounting office. I can't believe the kind of hours they had management put in for such weak pay. At my store, there were new assistant managers doing 60 hour weeks making maybe just under 40K. In all the stores I went to, accounting was such a coveted position, it was next to impossible for people to get into. Yea it was pretty bad. I remember having to do a 90 hour week during the week of inventory. When I went into AP management, I had to work a minimum of 50 hours a week at 30K. Never had 2 days off in a row and had to work every Saturday. After I got into management though they did an overhaul of mine as well as all other salary management positions because the turn over was just atrocious. Upped everyones salaries, lowered the hours, and put us on rotating schedules. I ended up leaving at a salary of 38K with average yearly bonus of 3K, working about 42 hours a week. It still sucked pretty hard and still at lot of BS to put up with. I keep in touch with my former coworkers and it's still continues to be pretty brutal. 
  Spoiler 
 I worked at Mcdonald's for 8 month, 3 years ago... I quit because it was mad far from home and because I couldn't stand being up for 5 hours my back would hurt alot... So I decided to quit. But it was a great experience for both my patience issues and my work under pressure. 
 I worked at Carl's Jr. For almost six months. Wasn't a great job, but far from the worst job I have been in. That would be my next job. Manned the cash register, cleaned tables, floors, and the bathrooms. Got written up because a customer complained about their burger not being how they wanted it and my boss was right behind me and told them he would have it remade how they wanted it. Then he wrote me up because, as he said, "I didn't respond fast enough." I did find a job that would pay me better and gave them my two weeks notice. If I had known the hell that awaited me in the next job, I would have stayed at Carl's Jr. 
 I got no regrets And I remember the day that we met There was no way that I could forget you So I followed you home and waited until you were alone... Jack | Gunnerkrigg Court | Boxdog | The Terrible Secret | Poppy O’Possum | Homestuck
 I started working at Universal City Walk when I was 17 senior in high school. IT was a vary fun job I really enjoyed meeting new people and giving them great customer service. the tips were lovely and of course I got to eat all the wetzel's pretzels I wanted for free because my ex girlfriend worked there. my dad made me quit when the school semester started back so I could focus on my studies 

 My first job was Batman! lmao Nah, My very first job was Gamestop for 4-5 years. 
 My first job was a summer job in a gameroom, just before my 17th birthday or somethin. It was actually great, didn't have any newest video games or something there, but could play pool, foosball, darts and similar whole day long. Turn the volume up while listening to The Cult or Iron maiden and little second or third graders begging for a free chip...I ruled yeah My boss also held a cofee shop next door but he was always drunk, high or trippin so he wasn't much of a nuisance. But the salary was somethin like 10 euros per day (15:00 till 23:00). They ain't much higher nowadays so i guess it was a really good job. Saved enough to buy me a Gamecube that summer, and also spared some change for a school trip to Athens 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
 I was a courtesy clerk at kroger for about a year but i got lost in a transfer so i just quit 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 First paid, non-family job is assistant at fruit market! Never knew it was fun 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Hardees (Carl's Jr for you west coast folks) when I was 16 for a summer job. This was back when they still served fried chicken and a bunch of other side dishes and stuff so working in the kitchen meant actual cooking. Not just assembling burgers with a side of fries. Of course they weren't supposed to be able to force someone under 18 to work in the kitchen, nor hold them past midnight, nor stop a minor from taking a mandatory half hour break during an 8 hour shift. Being a naive kid though I didn't know any of that and just tried to work hard. Which was pointless since the store owner was probably the most hateful person I've ever known, and she rarely did anything that qualified as work during my shift. She'd just lock herself in the office to "count money" during the last four hours of the day leaving me all alone in the place to clean as no one else stayed past 9pm. Ended up quitting after about 3 months of that. She ended up being shot and killed in a robbery at the store few months later and the only thing I felt was relief that I wasn't still working there. 

 All service jobs like that have dead end people in management. If every teen was forced to work in a place like that for two months they'd all do their best in school. 
 I worked as a home tutor for an elementary student for 10$ an hour when I was 15-16. Shortly after, I worked as a janitor for a campground. The janitor job was actually pretty enjoyable and my boss was awesome... Worst thing that happened was when **** was smeared all over one of the showers leading to the toilet seat. I screamed and tried my best for about an hour to clean that mess up. When I later told my boss, she told me I should have notified her and she would have sent her son to deal with it. lol She once left me to drive a golf cart through the campground by myself by jumping off spontaneously. I ran into a lawn mower. Shittiest job was a tie between working in a takeout one summer, and then a fish factory. I realized I'm horrible with dealing with rotten customers without breaking down and my boss continuously accused me of stealing money when it was just that no one taught me how to cash off properly at the end of the day (I only received training for about two hours before my boss ran off). The factory speaks for itself. I was put on tables cutting sardines to fit neatly into cans for almost ten hours a day standing, but eventually moved to work on a conveyor belt line with putting fish down to be cut without stopping. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 I worked for Six Flags running carnie rides like the scrambler, tilt-a-whirl, bumper cars, and pirate ship. I was 19 at the time and had a pulse so I was able to get the job no problem. It was hell, and my bosses were total dicks, 48 hours a week and no overtime pay because it was seasonal and fell through some loop hole. I only made $6ph. I think I had that job for about 2 months before I put in my two weeks in and they fired me two days later for some BS reason I can't even remember. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Beekeeping. It wasn't a bad first time summer job for a 15 year old boy; wasn't great either, and still one of the hardest jobs I've worked. 
 
 I was a referee for flag football. It didn't last too long cuz i started near the end of the season but it was great. The parents of the kids would always question my calls so i would tell them to go away or id penalize their child's team. Worked every time lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Not including the Army I was a bar back and guard at a country club outside of my home town. Got into a lot of fights, met a lot of nice people, worked under pressure regularly. Was my highest paying job until recently, i made about 12$ an hour there. Wouldnt go back to that though, too many idiots. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 I worked at an African arts shop at a flea market when I was 13. It was a summer job, and I didn't really take it seriously to be quite honest. As this was in Florida, the flea market was actually hotter than it was outside, and it was situated on a long stretch of road that had many tourist attractions, so the customers were always tourists. I never liked it there at all and eventually, I just left to have lunch on my break and never came back. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 First job was through a co-op at my high school; worked as a computer technician for a sales/service shop. I was recommended as I showed an aptitude for computers when I was assigned to essentially kick users off the library computers if they were goofing around. That was my first command batch file. Sadly, this was over a decade ago now. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 Little Caesar's pizza, making pizzas. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 I actually just got my first job and start Monday! It's at a clothing shop and I am really looking forward to it since I really like selling clothes to people and just being around pretty styles. I know it's gonna be hard and I am gonna have stressful times but I think in the end it'll pay off. It's just one more step closer to my dream of owning my own clothing boutique and earning a little money on the way isn't too bad either. But I'm a little worried about it because next year I have to go off to college and hope I will be able to maintain having the job (I don't have a license either so transportation wise it's bad). But that's just if they keep me. I'm just working seasonal right now, but they said that if I do good enough they might keep me as full part time! 
 My first job was working with my dad as a window washer, did it in my vacations for some extra cash...I liked it though, when the weather was sunny lol 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
