http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159539-This-game-describes-my-life-perfectly
[Review] This game describes my life perfectly...
 It is extremely hard, or even impossible for people to identify the deep meaning in this and why it was so fun by the end. The MC is like Great Teacher Onizuka from back when he was a Yakuza guy, to how he became a mature guy who believes in doing anything to make students happy... This is an adventure game that identifies every stage in my life, to my current final stage now... It has the most original execution I've ever seen. It makes me truly special in that I'm one of the first, if not the first to understand what it feels like to know the pain of truth, yet the pain of being powerless. It also reinforced my understanding of my identity as both the GOP generation and our generation. This is my gift to you guys for New Year's. A new and improved abstract understanding of a game mixed with abstract/realistic goals to make you guys enjoy feeling the emotions of a child to adult all the way in the chronicle of life. It's called: Muv-Luv. This is a copy-pasting of my message to somebody of particular interest in the world. This will reinforce your understanding, and actually make you the first to enjoy this game on the deepest level possible. *********************************** My common interest is... I identify with both the previous generation and our current generation. In fact, now I've realized the deep meaning behind the visual novel called "Muv-Luv"... The MC in that, he demonstrates that, throughout his chronicle in life (all of our stages of life) that, through understanding, he became able to achieve enlightenment, bridging the gap between the old generation and new generation. I'll explain a post how I got so smart. And how Muv-Luv is enjoyable, and meaningful to the point where it describes exactly what we're going through right now. I will relay the deepest message behind why I identify with Shirogane Takeru, his idiocy, and a conscious unbiased thinking as to why America would poison us. Please read it. I just thought of it this morning, and I even thought of giving an emotional political speech that unites people on all fronts, because I bear the burden of thinking like a politician, yet I bear the burden of being maturedly young that I couldn't find my true identity. When actually, I identify with both. Call it a dual complex, but I call it a Unified Complex. The government poisoned us for a reason. Sure, it's because they're selfish, but there's also another reason, an abstract one at that. Think what you will of it. I will prove it to you through my summarization of Takeru's adventure. They wanted us to live a life of enjoyment so that, when we fulfill, we will turn the pacing of human morality as it is, however uncontrollable it is, to understanding the deep meaning behind the symbolism our generation presents. It's more than stupid, dumb butt and all that crap we attribute to it today. In fact, I think that politicians like Obama have gotten so depressed over this that they would have drove themselves into a pit like we do now. I want to make as many friends as possible, I have a burning love for humanity that was impossible until now. Because I know what it's like to be immature. If we were mature all the time, then I'd never be able to act however I want while loving humanity like Mayor Menino. I discovered the common theme behind Great Teacher Onizuka, Muv-Luv's Shirogane, even Shingeki no Kyojin. Muv-Luv describes my life perfectly and my ascension to enlightenment reminiscent of Mayor Menino. President Obama is actually an understanding guy. Wonder why he got Senator John Kerry on his side? Because they both have humanity in common. From what I read of Senator John Kerry, he is an Infp like I am Intp, meaning he can also relate to my F. He even threw away his badges of honor from the Vietnam War into the river. Also the reason why I like him more now. Take the time to read Muv-Luv. It starts out inanely stupid at first, but that describes our perception of life as well. Then turns adultish, and perfectly describes our sentiments as to why we hate being adults. Yoshimune Kouki, he used to be a kid at one time. That's how he was able to write the school life in such a way that it appealed to people who liked the imagination of a "wild, eventful school life." It made me laugh even though it was hilariously bad. A 7.5/10 for maximum score. For the meaning I will talk about, it will make your trip through Muv-Luv more enjoyable. It will make the visual novel have more meaning than it looks. Great Teacher Onizuka was like Takeru at one time too. GTO is like a shorter version of Muv-Luv. Muv-Luv is life's journey all the way from childhood to adulthood. The reason why Yoshimune Kouki is able to write such an epic visual novel, considered the best... Is because of its secret underlying message about what we go through life right now. And how, if we don't understand both generations, then the more powerful generation (unfortunately guys like the GOP and stuff) will become our identity. Instead of taking on the identity of just one who is not prepared, why not take on the identity of both to protect and salvage both your newly acquired humanity from leading a pointless life and combine it with the reality to make a reality that would have been impossible for like friggin' forever. And even more so when the poison that made us moral would fade away and we would become too calculative that we can't think for others. That's what Takeru does. At first, he wanted to reject the death of a close friend whom he loved so much in school. Note that this visual novel was made from 2003-06. It takes you on 100 hours+ journey through all the stages of early to late life that will define you forever. Muv-Luv Extra, the beginning, depicts school life and pointless, ordinary life. Takeru has pointless fun like the rest of us, plays video games, plays a "Valgern-on" that is based on a really cool Sega game that has jumps and cancels too. Then, Unlimited, reintroducing Shirogane to his self consciousness consciousness: Takeru grasps an unconscious understanding and fear of his alternate self who died against aliens. And Takeru doesn't realize it, but he's the only one who's different in that world. Everybody else thought the same adult ways we have today because they had no choice. We have no choice in the matter. Continuing on, Alternative: The final phase of what we go through to mature. It is by far the most meaningful part of the trilogy, and how Takeru comes to accept both himself as a young man and, inevitably, what we would grow into striving for knowledge and wanting to change the world if we were always blind. Takeru in Alternative is the true personafication of who we would have been today had we accepted understanding. Takeru was actually really special in that he remembered his moments as a high school kid through multiple lives (all the routes you can do.) It's really interesting how this comes about. In fact, this is by far the most traumatic of the series. Without having understood the meaning, I didn't cry, but now that I think about it... I would have cried if I wasn't living a "pointless life" so to speak. And it made me cry in realization today, that my life isn't pointless at all if I could point this deep meaning out... Then, when he goes back to his world after the trauma of losing a friend... the same friends as the alternate world friends, whenever he interacted with them, his friends keep losing memory until they forget him and treat him as an enemy. That is symbolic of our innocence fading away today. Then, when he finally saw his lover die... He wanted to break. Literally. That happens to us too. Then, the Intp teacher, much like me, confesses to Takeru the reality of the world. That nothing was fair. Much like this world. Takeru, unable to accept that, cries in denial and tells her "I don't want to go back!" In fact, a lot of people go through this stuff today. And that is also representative of how "we react emotionally to things." The teacher tells him the truth. It is a truth that we don't admit that leads to self denial because our brains want to keep their ego/personality in check, whether borrowed or through social pressures. When in fact it's poisonous to not change. Because we'd end like the adults eventually, and it'll become even more boring... and then you'd want to think the same as them. The truth was... The teacher, who is also representative of the person we have all inside us, and it was inside me: similar to the Intp. Able to think for ourselves and able to think for others, but is held down by long held traditions we still have today (even though she's the smartest person in the world, even she came crashing down because she was utterly powerless in the face of human adversity against themselves.) The truth, Takeru blames his powerlessness on other people in hopes that it will all be fixed. When he was actually running away from a new moral responsibility for ourselves that is hidden deep within us. It was always there, just that we've always been in self-denial, something we do everyday. Oh yeah, did I mention that Takeru gets a "Shonen/Seinen influx moment" when he goes all badass and even the previous generation, WWII generation, has a captain of a battleship seeing... 1, no 10, no, 100 aliens defeated in just one robot! And all with the skills he does best at! In essence, that also reinforces the idea of "be your true self, and you'll realize how amazing you just are." And oh yeah, he almost died, but he came back alive. If I told you now, then you wouldn't get the true meaning behind it... And I seriously want to tell you it. It summarizes the part of the reason why I like everybody overall. Ever since Shirogane inducted himself to feel connected to a world of pure adults... he became destined to become a hero. Somebody who stood up to fate imposed by both ideals and realism. It literally felt like you could do anything when you see that... My personal realization: When I realize that I looked at Chinese weird because I've had conflicting emotions of "duty to protect others and make them happy" and "what do I do for myself?" I had an emotional trauma, having my mom not accept me for when I couldn't speak because of my "cracking throat due to development" and she was screaming at me the whole time, wanting me to speak... So to speak of looking at people, in general, because I was thinking like a kid the whole time and unable to admit the truth because, deep down, I knew it was painful because of the way the people acted like "real humans" in general. Note that, already at that time, I had a personality conflict, a dilemma. A conflict about "I can't please people if I don't go out, right? But at the same time, if I don't go out, then I won't be able to know anybody..." But I kept mindlessly playing games all day because I couldn't understand the way people thought. And I was running away. And I suppose this was the second time I took age-debilitating medicine that delayed my aging. I already had ADD at the beginning, so to speak, because I was speaking so many fast mutters, and I was hyper active like I was really dumb. I still have it now, but I've become wiser in that I can suppress it through my own morals, no one else's. And so, as a 20 year old who lived a pointless life for almost all of it, I have found meaning now. In admitting my self denial like Takeru and admitting that I have to take responsibility just like Takeru did. Truth is, I only had to know my deep rooted source. That's all. I didn't do anything about it, and now I'm more intelligent than ever. And it only took five days of grinding through all the truths bashing at me, and it made me tougher. My brain was rebuilding itself faster than ever before. Heck, I feel like giving a political speech and studying all accents and tones from all countries to say in a national speech. I actually lived in my dream land, imagining that, saying common words from all the Asian languages I know. I don't know, but somehow, I feel like that's my purpose in life. Because I believe in immortality, not through external stimuli, but abstract reasoning. Shirogane Takeru pretty much describes the biography of all children and young adults going through the same thing. He has an abstract/external reasoning dilemma that we all crap bricks on. Adults go through it too, and that's where I and all of us kids come in. We understand more than ever what pointlessness feels like. We also pre-assumptively understand what it's like being an adult, that it's pointless, and so they think both sides are pointless and just feel like giving up. And yes... that relates to my point. Thinking deep thoughts like me all the time uncontrollably whenever I'm typing and waking up, and now considering that I identify with both sides, I also have an understanding of my genetic memory from other people, including how I could relate to George Washington and the first Cabinet, Abraham Lincoln who did the Emancipation Proclamation with nothing to lose because he was low on votes/had to do something unusual and that was to set up another "Constitution" to be the basis of freeing black people... And he accepted the risk that he was going to be targeted for the rest of his life... He was an Intp like me, and thought with reasoning all along, and also the future. Japan, I feel its pain from having been robbed of life. All the adults in WWII thought like animals (the way the Alternative world's people think, which made Takeru feel even more isolated, like the rest of us. We, in the current generation, in fact... Know what it's like to understand things by listening to them. If we carried on the genetic experience of our ancestors without taking a step backwards to understand the past and what its like to create an ideal future through the listening we experienced as kids, then we won't understand what its like to feel true morally emotional yet unbiased bliss. Because children born like me already act like adults from day one. They negotiate, but they don't do hugs and kisses all the time. Intps, that is. And they get really angry like I do now and extremely selfish like us now. Shirogane Takeru becomes a "full-fledged previous generation adult" in the side story Muv-Luv Unlimited: The Day After. He had adhered to the rules of the world because, for some reason one or another, he had a trauma so bad that he couldn't do anything about it, and he lost all the support his friends gave him (only one of his friends seems alive, and she's the Shogun, who respresents the people, but she's being used as a puppet right now...) The forsaking of the world for another planet. Where all warriors are left behind and smart people go on an Orbital Cruiser to another planet many light miles away. And it was only a selected 100,000 people compared to the population of ike 1-2 billion. Even lesser than that since they've been fighting aliens for almost a whole century. They're not even sure they'll make it. But they still cling on to the hope of living for a better humanity. The symbolism behind this... They've forgotten themselves as we have too. They gave up way too easily. We were all children at one time, and because of the rise of way too many intps like me, American government made the most sensible move possible... To make us live pointless lives. So they present an opportunity for us to change our lives. The lie was necessary for people to live more relaxed. But as time goes on... We inevitably become just like them in the end. Because our genetic info and memory start to wake up... And I woke it up just four days ago. I've been challenged to rise to the challenge, yet I flutter between artificial Role and self responsibility. I took on the Role of society for a long time as a mindless drone, with no selfish desires to drive me forward. It is only because of selfish desires that we are able to drive ourselves forward. We need that. That's where the adults made the mistake. They made us into empty husks of shells that we were never prepared for "their version" of adulthood. Inevitably, it's because we would be like 4 brain years younger at least compared to the usual maturity of adults. Two years for previous generation to go through all 5 Levels of Understanding compared to the 5 years we have to spend for all of them. But, if you think about it, if we weren't so dumb... We would think so many artificial things that we wouldn't have time for abstract thinking. Yoshimune Kouki had that dream, Mayor Menino had that dream. We all have the dream at one time. We just don't remember where it began from... And given that we act like babies, we tend to remember our baby emotions for longer than usual because of slow aging. And thus, when we grow up to become "full-fledged adults", we tend to forget what is usually more sensitive to us at a younger age. Our innocence (which sticks around for 3 years longer, thankfully.) Even if it is being 16 years old. I remember being conscious for the first time when I was 14. And thus, this will make people enjoy Muv-Luv more, and find peace that others find impossible to find outside of them... Because they've been looking in the wrong place all along. And so, if you understand this, then you understand and enjoy anime more since Muv-Luv is modern anime with a hint of biological history and lots of science fiction. And to actually make them inspired. If you have lots of spare time, then you can read it. But honestly, it takes so long, you're going to have to read all three one at a time... And it's been fan translated by Amaterasu Translations who also did Rewrite, a visual novel like Clannad except with action. And yeah, Muv-Luv is priceless. It will make you want to power through things, and everytime I watch a MAD video, it gives me goosebumps. And like I said, it makes anime like Clannad affect you more. Anyway, first day of New Year! Yes! *********************************************** Wow, now I realize that I'm starting off the New Year with a BANG! It was fated, for some reason, to understand why I feel guilty knowing both the internal tension of both politics and the politics we have of ourselves. And it was the start of a New Year! We both have shameless agendas. Do ever notice that your agenda improves/disproves based upon what you see, hear, read, etc.? Muv-Luv, in summary, presents the agenda that is found utterly shameful by every parent. This is inane reasoning because if they're not going to be open about it, then we're not going to either. In fact, if we really weren't poisoned, we wouldn't think happy thoughts because everybody'd be mostly strict and carry on the war intelligence from the previous generation... And WWII was that horrible. If our genetics remembered that... think of how dangerously unbiased we would be. We would literally be killing each other, 10x worse than now. That's why, even though I first started to hate what the government did, that I realize that it was necessary to make us learn things that they could not. And I'm sure that they're pained seeing their next generation like that because they had to do something really unethical because they realized their mistake in WWII... Muv-Luv has the potential to create a universal understanding of all human nature, and why we've come to accept things the same way as our parents. You've read this, right? It describes life perfectly in, what we lived in over a 100,000 hours, all congested into 150 hours. Worth the time, right? It is. It definitely is. It's where I've also learned brain meridian point augmenting exercises as well (Takeru is actually using an extremely rigid Takemikazuchi Type 00C, Japanese Honor Guard mass producible, and it was actually the strongest despite being inferior in specs. You'll find out how Valgern-on is connected to Shirogane's operating of a robot...) and also discovered that meridian exercises don't work for adults because it hurts their brains. Meaning, since I don't get gray hair immediately... Even at 20 years, I'm not fully grown, and I'm still growing like crazy. It's why I dream of being an old man someday, hahaha. XD And it's why my mom and dad sees me as weird, and everybody else too. And my brother didn't understand my love for humanity because he never understood the meaning behind Muv-Luv, and therefore staled his enjoyment of it. I want you to enjoy Muv-Luv as much as you can. Eventually... I was playing for hours on end with a few breaks. I was sitting down to read it all day a couple years ago, everyday during my vacation. It was the best experience I had in my life. If I didn't have it when I couldn't enjoy it as much, then I wouldn't have told you what to keep in mind as you examine how mortal Shirogane is just like the rest of us... It also takes political views into account too. But things get quite long winded, so take it slowly... And this is my gift to you guys in New Year's. Happy First Dame! Edit: Oh yeah, to add on top of the sauce already on TDA (Untranslated mostly, unfortunately. My translation was utter crap. XD), Takeru thinks like a GOP generation politician, in that he does anything he needs to do to get by. And if you notice, he starts learning to become his real self. He was so depressed being ordered to do things he didn't want to, that he got used to it and was stone cold, with black crow's feet, but he actually broke down in the end, and his commander suggested to Imperial Prince Ikaruga to "get rid of him." That's the adult's way... And even they don't like doing it either, and frown sometimes instead of smiling like maniacs all the time like a typical villain. Even they have their reasons too, and it was because they were running out of food, similar to why we produce so much cheap food to feed to everybody in the world. They were making artificial food in that world too. Note: That mistake that made me sound like a politican... It's ridiculous. XD 
 Last edited by MagicalKnight Masa; 01-01-2015 at 10:40 AM. 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
