http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159747-ABC-News-does-piece-on-video-games-lulz-are-had
 ABC News does piece on video games, lulz are had
 Originally Posted by MilkChan Well that makes no ****ing sense. All I said was that the episode exists. Jesus. What's wrong with you people? (Dumb question really...) I don't really have anything worth while to say to a bunch of guys who have sticks up their asses about the whole thing. From my perspective, you guys fit in with the "ass-hats" who have a hand in all of this. Buddy clearly didn't read your post, But frankly I'm not Buddy and you specifically chose to engage me directly: Originally Posted by MilkChan Was kind of hopeful that @ThisGuy would respond to my post because apparently 'I didn't get it.' When...yeah, I get it and I also think I'm smarter but that's a whole other thing I'm not going to get into. Anyway....Anyone see the latest episode of Law & Order: SVU as of today (2/13) on hulu. It was basically Anita's story and Zoe's story mixed together and then taken to the extreme. Kind of interesting. I've been over the fear of being wrong or otherwise looking like an idiot for years now, you'll find that I'm fairly open to decent argumentation. If you have some new earth-shattering evidence or viewpoint by all means lay it down, I've always been willing to reevaluate my position on any given subject given intelligent conversation. Buddy's response was stupid because it's clear he didn't read your post and was spring-boarding off my response to the SVU episode, but your post was worse because you're using Buddy's response as an excuse to leave after specifically asking for my response. Don't throw a b!tchfit because someone else said something stupid and then leave whilst making parting jabs about how intelligent and better you are. You asked for my response and you got it, the ball is in your court: show yourself the door whilst desperately reassuring yourself of your superiority, or prove it by making whatever argumentation you supposedly intended to give. Frankly I think you just made both of your recent posts to wank about how great you think you are, and really I'm not threatened by it. EDIT: nvm it was I who didn't read your response thoroughly, you were comparing the episode to the real life counterparts they supposedly were trying to portray. I was completely off with regards to Buddy's response, Buddy's points are well made. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
