http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?109568-What-Anime-Had-the-biggest-Emotional-Response-on-you/page18
 What Anime Had the biggest Emotional Response on you? - Page 18
 Originally Posted by Stone gurren lagann I cried whenever someone died, hell I even cry when I listen to the opening nowadays I guess I'm just too sensitive I agree with this. I didn't think an anime like Gurren Lagann would make me cry as much as it did. I guess I got way too attached to the characters. x_x 
 Tokyo Magnitude 8.0  Spoiler You start to wonder, then you start to realise, then it sinks in and even though you know, it doesn't prepare you for when you find out. 
  Spoiler 
 Easily Clannad After Story. 
 Sword Art Online  Spoiler I hate the alfheim parts(mostly that antagonist for that part) 
  Spoiler 
 I would have to say Sword Art Online 

 Elfen Lied got the biggest reaction out of me. I'm an extremely over-emotional person however, I will cry over anything even if I'm not upset. Haha. But man, those last two episodes of Elfen Lied.... 
"When you’re miserable, you need someone more miserable than yourself.."
 This coming from someone with an emotional deficiency Elfen Lied can make anyone sad or depressed. Legend of Legendary Heroes, It makes you always feel bad for Ryner Lute Casshern Sins - If you look closely to this anime it is about different character's perspective on death - it's literally an anime about life, what is life, how to live, and what is living. I guess it makes you think a little more. It makes me ask myself am I living in earnest. 

 One Piece has genuinely made me cry more that once o.o Gantz (the manga) also gets pretty emotional. Hell, for a time,  Spoiler Katou was my favorite character in anything ever, and his death destroyed me when I first watched it D: 
 Angel beats definitely got the most out of me. The end after the credits just... *Shudders* I'd rather not talk about it :-: Though I will say, Fullmetal and One Piece have certainly had me in tears many times. I'll be honest, I'm a very feelsy person so a lot of anime drives me to tears at one point or another. Those are just the worst XD 

 Clannad beats any by far. 
 I would have to say either Clannad Afterstory, or Shinsekai Yori. Shinsekai Yori just depressed me. It put me in that mood, where I'm seeing shades of gray...food had no taste...and things I would normally like doing no longer interested me. Clannad Afterstory(Note, Clannad Season 1 was good and all, but all the crying for no real reason was useless to me, turned me off.) is a tearjerker, and I do like it. 

 Probably Clannad and AnoHana. I cried like a baby. So psyched for the AnoHana movie too 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 One Piece when Ace died. That just destroyed me inside 
 Originally Posted by Mellorine Sapphire Angel beats definitely got the most out of me. The end after the credits just... *Shudders* I'd rather not talk about it :-: Though I will say, Fullmetal and One Piece have certainly had me in tears many times. I'll be honest, I'm a very feelsy person so a lot of anime drives me to tears at one point or another. Those are just the worst XD I have to second the emotional impact of Angel Beats. The entire last episode is devoted to saddening goodbyes, and the last scene before the epilogue with Otonashi and Kanade was heartbreaking. It's like he lost his little sister all over again. 
“The unconscious is the larger circle which includes within itself the smaller circle of the conscious; everything conscious has its preliminary step in the unconscious, whereas the unconscious may stop with this step, and still claim full value as a psychic activity. Properly speaking, the unconscious is the real psychic; its inner nature is as unknown to us as the reality of the external world, and it is just as imperfectly reported to us through the data of consciousness as is the external world through our indications of our sensory organs.” -- Sigmund Freud, The Interpretation of Dreams
 Sengoku Kidan Yotoden.  Spoiler When Kikyo died, and then at the end when Ayanosuke found that what she was doing was all for nothing, it was just tragic. 
 Angel beats, clannad after story, and sailor moon all hit me hard in their own ways 
 Sword Art Online, Toradora, and Steins;Gate. 

 Overall -Neon Genesis Evangelion Dreams/Ambition - Bakuman manga Shock/disbelief/unnerved - Berserk (eclipse scene especially) Warm/Happy - ookiku furikabutte, Free! Iwatobi Swim Club Pure Entertainment - High School of the Dead 
Best Anime = Neon Genesis Evangelion
 I thought Angel Beats and Clannad after story were really good. Super emotional! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Definitely Clannad and AnoHana 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 AnoHana by far, that episode 11 ; 3 ; 

 I'd have to say Angel Beats. That one actually made me cry like a baby 
 
 CLANNAD, especially during Fuko's arc. I had a box of tissue stand-by on my lap while bawling my eyes out haha. Elfen Lied,  Spoiler When the puppy got killed. That scene also felt emotionally scarring somehow. Jigoku Shoujo,  Spoiler When Ai Enma was buried alive by the people of her village and the man she loved only watched without doing anything. I could feel the betrayal and the heartbreak. So sad. Jigoku Shoujo Mitsuganae,  Spoiler When Yuzuki had to bury her mother's dead body under the Sakura flowers all on her own. I instantly felt like hugging my mom after that. 

 Clannad After Story. The feeeeeeeeeeeels ;~; 
 I think Elfen Lied killed mental health of all of us. Also dont forget FooLy CooLy bcause this anime filled with sex and bore.. I cant understand; its just makes you feel ultra numb. You start thinking "nothing have meaning or value".. It is destroyed my hopes and dreams. 
