http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149293-Favorite-Gundam-series
 Favorite Gundam series?
 What's everyone's favorite Gundam series, and why? Mine is(are) a tie between Zeta, Unicorn and 00. Zeta, because it was sort of dark, and the story was actually pretty good. Plus Kamille was a great protagonist. Unicorn, because the story was, in my opinion, better then Zeta, and The Unicorn Gundam is awesome. I also grew to love Banagher over time, as you can tell by my name, haha. 00, because the Exia, and 00 Raiser are two of my favorite robots of all time, and I actually really enjoyed the story, especially the story of the second season. The fight scenes were great too, and trans-am was pretty cool. 

 I don't care for anything not set in the Universal Century timeline. I like UC because it feels the most gritty and warlike of the settings - think 08th MS Team, for example. Sure, Wing's near-undestructible gundanium jazz was flashy, but really, I hate everything about it. The fact that a handful of suits can level an army and come out unscathed; and being piloted by emo, insecure preteens, no less! The whole thing is brimming with bad, in my opinion. But it is the one series that I saw first, since Toonami aired it. I guess I have to give it some credit for introducing me, and many other US fans. My favorite is probably a toss-up between 08th MS Team and 0083. I like the animation styles, the stories and the more plausible portrayal of MS combat, compared to the newer stuff. 
 Zeta Gunadam was soooo good! not even sure i have a fav. Gundam series, its somewhere among Gundam 00, Zeta Gundam, Gundam Seed or Gundam Wing Actually probably Between 00 and Zeta, I really liked the dark tone of Zeta and the really amazing animation of 00 along along with story and Suit Designs, the ultimate message was good too even thou its the message of every Gundam series, but 00 did a good of delivering it. <--Name from 00 fyi 
 Yeah, alot of Gundam fans didn't really like 00. I honestly like it more than alot of the UC stuff. The movie wasn't that great though, except for the suit designs which were pretty cool. I think I like Zeta a bit more than 00 though. 

 Possibly my favorite mecha show - if not anime, is definitely Turn A Gundam. Despite being a serious all about war it's pretty laid back and relaxed for most of the show. Everything just feels...nice about the show. It doesn't rub the war is bad message in your face, but manages it with more subtlety than is usual for Gundam by showing soldiers in a war hospital in the background, civilians begging and scrapping for food etc. Plus, it's got the best female characters in Gundam bar none. The cast as a whole is very well done I think, but I don't think any of them could be classified as a weak or shitty female stereotype. Not even Poe, who is just a mediocre pilot, not a bad character. My favorite character is probably Loran, but I'd honestly have a hard time picking between him, Kihel, Dianna and Sochie. They're all so endearing - Sochie with her defensive attitude and desire to show everyone she's worth as much as her sister, Kihel with desire to be more than just a pretty face, Dianna desiring to be just a regular human and Loran just wanting to end the pointless war, even though he knows he's prolonging it for a more favorable outcome. He's a much better pacifist than usual for mecha shows, and realizes that both sides need to be roughly equal or it'll just be a crapshoot. I couldn't honestly pick a favorite scene either, though a few do stand out. Dianna and Loran dancing by the Turn-A, Gundam washing machine, Sochie crying out to Gavane in her wedding dress, Harry killing the traitor with the SUMO's hand, King of Manupich laying down his life, Black History reveal - they're all very nicely built moments. It's also the only Tomino show that I don't think has an abundance of terrible female characters and stilted dialogue. There isn't even much in the way of loltomino moments. Or those odd moments you get all over the place in other Tomino shows where it feels like you missed 10 minutes of the show because it jumps to characters acting like they've already discussed something they never did. 
 I still have not seen Turn-A Gundam, and i've really wanted to (my searches ended in failure, then i got distracted) And im really not fond of UC supremacist, i like seeing new stories and art styles. and i do really like UC and i like seeing how the world has evolved there (war, people, Tech) I like Gundam 00 because its i big tribute to Gundam Wing the Gundam Series that got me into Gundam and anime in general. It reminded me alot of Gundam Wing but it was also a great tale on its own. The movie was okay (i liked the end image [peace through understanding]) but not the actual end (if your going to show Silver Setsuna, moar epilogue please!!) 
 Originally Posted by Setsuna-ah And im really not fond of UC supremacist, i like seeing new stories and art styles. The problem with most AU Gundam series that began after 2000 is that they end up just being a rehash of the UC stories. SEED was literally intended to be 0079 for a more modern time, 00 was great at first - original even, but then the second season came along a tried to be Zeta with terrible results and don't even get me started on that lousy excuse for a Gundam AGE. I have high hopes for Build Fighters (even though a lot of people don't like the concept because of how kiddy it is,) because at least they're bound to do something original with the concept. 
 Originally Posted by Prince Harming The problem with most AU Gundam series that began after 2000 is that they end up just being a rehash of the UC stories. SEED was literally intended to be 0079 for a more modern time, 00 was great at first - original even, but then the second season came along a tried to be Zeta with terrible results and don't even get me started on that lousy excuse for a Gundam AGE. I have high hopes for Build Fighters (even though a lot of people don't like the concept because of how kiddy it is,) because at least they're bound to do something original with the concept. I actually liked 00's second season a bit more than the first. But yeah Gundam AGE sucks. Seriously the pilot looks like he's 5 years old. I can't even imagine what was going through sunrise' executive's minds when they accepted that character design. Oh wait yeah I can.. '$$$$$$' 

 Originally Posted by Banagher-Kun Seriously the pilot looks like he's 5 years old. I can't even imagine what was going through sunrise' executive's minds when they accepted that character design. Oh wait yeah I can.. '$$$$$$' AGE was supposed to be aimed at kids you know even if it failed even at drawing in kids. So I can excuse the art style from the perspective, its typical Level-5. That is the direction they've been going with Gundam lately, they can't rely on the old fans forever and really do need to bring in some new blood. 
 Originally Posted by Prince Harming SEED was literally intended to be 0079 for a more modern time, 00 was great at first - original even, but then the second season came along a tried to be Zeta with terrible results and don't even get me started on that lousy excuse for a Gundam AGE. In my opinion SeeD did a really good job. I saw 0079 after i saw SeeD (it did bring back memories so i assume i saw 0079 as a kid) and seeing how much they took from the original/the way they used it made it look like an awesome tribute to their beginnings. (Gundam SeeD Destiny didn't happen -_-) My problem with season 2 of 00 was the repetitive dialog and stupid character development. (im looking at you Layle Delande[really, twin], Sumoragi's melt down to add the other scientist into the story, Felt's sudden love of Setsuna, expendable rebels that accomplished nothing, Graham Aker (wtf)) Despite that i really enjoyed the series. Originally Posted by Banagher-Kun I actually liked 00's second season a bit more than the first. But yeah Gundam AGE sucks. Seriously the pilot looks like he's 5 years old. Yeah AGE is targeted towards kids. Gundam cycles to get more fans. 0079 was aimed at kids, then the series got darker and more mature as it went on. Mobile Figher G-Gundam was for kids, got more mature after again. Something after AGE will be aimed for an older audience. And don't forget Gundam is a toy commercial, and who likes toys the most?? 
 Originally Posted by Prince Harming AGE was supposed to be aimed at kids you know even if it failed even at drawing in kids. So I can excuse the art style from the perspective, its typical Level-5. That is the direction they've been going with Gundam lately, they can't rely on the old fans forever and really do need to bring in some new blood. Gundam really isn't something that I think should be geared towards kids though, hell even AGE seemed a bit too dark for kids. If I remember right it began with the kid's mom dying. 

 Originally Posted by Banagher-Kun Gundam really isn't something that I think should be geared towards kids though, hell even AGE seemed a bit too dark for kids. If I remember right it began with the kid's mom dying. Kids don't need to be sheltered as much as you think. 4Kids' edits aren't the standard for what you should go by for whats acceptable for kids. 
 I honestly don't feel kids need that much sheltering. But if the first scene of your show, for kids, is the main character's mom dying, I don't think the show should be intended for kids. 

 Well its not aimed at little children, i'm sure its aiming to at least 8-10yr olds, children old enough to understand death. I'm sure an audience old enough to want to watch Gundam (Gundam is pretty violent) can handle death. Stuff like SD Gundam is for those younger. 
 Its interesting so see so many people mentioning UC and the lesser popular AU series. All my previous time on this forum have mostly (with some exceptions) been people talking about about Wing or SEED. Not that I personally dislike either, but plenty of flamewars and unpleasant comments came from people hating on others favorites for different reasons. Unfortunate. My personal favorites, and I cant pick just one, have to be 08th MS Team, 00 and X. They all have their merits in different ways. I haven't watched all of Unicorn yet, but its quite amazing so far I have to say. I also have to mention the early Astray manga. Great characters and an interesting side story to SEED. Not to mention the awesome mobile suit designs. 
 
 I really don't like giant robot anime. That being said, my favorite is 08th MS Team. Because it had that muscular redhead chick. 
 Originally Posted by Lance McCloud Its interesting so see so many people mentioning UC and the lesser popular AU series. All my previous time on this forum have mostly (with some exceptions) been people talking about about Wing or SEED. Not that I personally dislike either, but plenty of flamewars and unpleasant comments came from people hating on others favorites for different reasons. Unfortunate. My personal favorites, and I cant pick just one, have to be 08th MS Team, 00 and X. They all have their merits in different ways. I haven't watched all of Unicorn yet, but its quite amazing so far I have to say. I also have to mention the early Astray manga. Great characters and an interesting side story to SEED. Not to mention the awesome mobile suit designs. Have you seen the stargazer OVA? It's pretty good. My favorite gundam manga is crossbone. 

 Gundam Wing, in part the nostalgia of growing up with it (I think it's the only gundam series ever dubbed to portuguese), but also the whole way it dealt with the political topics. 
 Watched a few eps at clubs but the new one is the only real one I like. Plus the op and ed are rocking! 

 I'm still relatively new to the Gundam scene and haven;t seen many series (But hell, giant robots are my guilty pleasure) I absolutely adored Zeta and will probably continue to hold that above the others (Maybe partially because I adored Haman and the Quebeley) 
 Turn A gundam is actually really good, but the mobile suit design turns me off pretty badly (moustache gundam lol). OO is currently my best, with X coming close behind. Wing gundam and seed are also not particularly bad, but the feel just doesn't reach me. The mechs are awesome, though. Originally Posted by Prince Harming I have high hopes for Build Fighters (even though a lot of people don't like the concept because of how kiddy it is,) because at least they're bound to do something original with the concept. This. Even though it looks childish, but it actually give gundam a different vibe, not being all about war and such, and that makes it interesting. And it's also very flexible, having made a battle between gundams from different series possible (though only gunpla battle), not to mention with it being gunpla battle, the chances of new mobile suit, or at least a modded one, is pretty much limitless. Can't wait to see how this series would go. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 well I would have to say zeta because I freaken love robots that transform, it had a good story line that was really entertaining as well as moments that make you try to fiqure out whats gonna happen next like  Spoiler when char/quattro is in the same room as amuro it made me think are they about to fight will they get into their mobile suits and duke it out or just talk about the things they have done and zeta is my favourite gundam. 
 {individual 3} - join individual 11 - join the revolution! 
 I'm going to say Gundam Seed but Destiny was bullshit. 00 is pretty close to it imo. I haven't seen Zeta or the other old ones, I started 08th MS Team we'll see how that goes. I hated Destiny, I only liked the gundam designs, especially the Strike Freedom ~ Characters were bullshit, *cough* Shin *cough* (that ****) 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Zeta is my favorite. 0079 was already amazing and Zeta the sequel went even further. Double Zeta had so much potential. Starts off has a comedy than becomes really dark. I felt they wasted characters, it could have been as good as Zeta. I love Turn A. It's really good. Not as action packed, but it has great characters. I got used to the mobile suits after awhile. I don't watch too much AC Gundam. But I liked Gundam X and Gundam Wing Endless Waltz ( not the tv series). Unicorn is unfinished but I like what I've seen so far. I have yet to watch 00, so I'll have to check that out soon. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 Personally I preffered Gundam Wing more so than the others, seed was alright as well but I felt wing just done a better job in all departments (That being action, character development etc). I haven't seen zeta or 00 so I have no comment in regards to them, are they worth the watch? I wouldn't mind revisiting one of my childhood fav shows and fav mech show. 
