http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152031-Chapter-652
 Chapter 652
 so after the last thread on chapter 651, I decided ill be a little easier on Kishi. that chapter was alright. the ending made me a little mad because I want obito to die, not turn good and be forgiven by everyone after he wiped out about half of the population. I was really hoping he had died last episode but I think if he is going to die now its going to be at the hands of madara. what did you guys think of the episode and where its going? not sure if anyone read the same translation as me but " HEEVE, HOOOO" was extremely lame, and obito "stop, don't come inside me" left me with no choice but to make a lame that's what she said joke 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 that is hwy you have to read other sites with better translation then the panda site but yes tbh i agree i felt this chapter was actually very good and first in over 6 months of crap. - i like gara saving shukaku - i like the flashback for the first time - im fully ok with obitio becoming good because few people in this world are bad, most are just twisted by pain and need someone to help them find themselves. and ya i already colored and changed my sig for the one pannel because that made me laugh my balls off 
 I thought this chapter was actually pretty good in comparison to the last few weeks. The gaara part was good, but my favorite was everyone trying to pull the bijuu out together. That was very cool and heart warming. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Everything that happened was extremely predictable. Who didn't predict that obito was going to change or at least reconsier what he has done. Kishimato is basically pulling a Pain and pretty much every other emo/****ed up character on Obito. That's not to say it was a terrible chapter like the previous chapter. It was pretty good and I guess this is pretty much where obito is a goner, and I think madara might step in with whatever he has in store since he has been waiting patiently and quietly. If anything this makes me hate obito even more as a character. I can rank him as one of the worst villains. Not only are his reasons so godamn retarded but now he is starting to like regret and be reasonable. That's a sign of being insecure about your ideals and beliefs. What kind of villain are you? I was never impressed with obito but now he just became meh. Like I said, kishimato has done this numerous times with Pain and whatnot so it's not a surprise to me. 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Everything that happened was extremely predictable. Who didn't predict that obito was going to change or at least reconsier what he has done. Kishimato is basically pulling a Pain and pretty much every other emo/****ed up character on Obito. That's not to say it was a terrible chapter like the previous chapter. It was pretty good and I guess this is pretty much where obito is a goner, and I think madara might step in with whatever he has in store since he has been waiting patiently and quietly. If anything this makes me hate obito even more as a character. I can rank him as one of the worst villains. Not only are his reasons so godamn retarded but now he is starting to like regret and be reasonable. That's a sign of being insecure about your ideals and beliefs. What kind of villain are you? I was never impressed with obito but now he just became meh. Like I said, kishimato has done this numerous times with Pain and whatnot so it's not a surprise to me. most mangas are rather predictable once you get a few under your belt they all follow a pretty standard line with a different theme and little variations ( keep in mind not all but alot of them) but i do not mind predictable as long as its done in a beliveable way without asspull bs and more. what is shitty about obitos reason....if someone killed your mom i bet you would want revenge..well obito had the one he loved killed and he blamed the world and he wanted revenge and maybe he would have gotten over it but he was twisted even more by one of the most ruthless, smartest, legendary ninja of all time until revenge is all he saw and all he was.....it makes perfect sense in everyway, Even his turning good makes sense because he can see someone who is like him who did not make the choice to follow revenge and in that he sees a different path for the first time. and of course he regrets his actions do you think a crack head does not regret the things he did once he gets better well its no different for obito now that he sees the light he is regretting being in the dark for so long. I think you belong to the group of people who complain about naruto just for the sake of complaining because though I trash it a lot lately do to much of its asspullery I can still see the plot and enjoy it to a degree. its just the obito fight I dislike most of all for many reason most are aware of already oh and ill never get over the juubi being a tree. 
 In any event... Obito went down too easy as far as I'm concerned. And the real problem is still lying in wait: Madara. Naruto barely survived Pain and the Rinnegan once. I don't think anyone else can honestly say they took on someone with the Rinnegan and lived to tell about it. Konhamaru doesn't count since he isn't even on the field. And Madara already has seemed to mastered all the fun perks that come with it. Add to that his visual prowess with the Sharingan and I don't see him as beatable. Even if he is fatally wounded he's a reanimation. He could be sealed I suppose but if the 5 Kage couldn't, I don't see this massive force fronted by Naruto being capable of it since as far as I know, he doesn't know any sealing jutsu. More on topic with this week's chapter...It was alright. I love Zen's new signature! I feel like this week's chapter really downplayed last week's. Remember how everyone suddenly had a rasengan? According to this week's chapter it was all show and completely unnecessary. How do you like them applaes? 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I really like Gaara's part! Finally, he was able to showcase his awesomeness. The "Heave-Ho!" and "Don't come inside me!" were hilarious, even though they weren't supposed to be, lol. About Obito... it's kinda odd how he was beginning to regret his actions. Just a few chapters ago, his determination to destroy the world seemed utterly immobile, but on this chapter he suddenly looked so vulnerable, like a completely different person. That kind of change should've taken more process than that. But overall, I enjoyed this chapter far better than the last ones. 

 I was not expecting a giant chakra tug of war, I gotta say. It was just so goofy and unexpected, I kinda liked it. Also smug naruto trying to friendship no jutsu obito is just hilarious. 

 Originally Posted by Raffee I really like Gaara's part! Finally, he was able to showcase his awesomeness. The "Heave-Ho!" and "Don't come inside me!" were hilarious, even though they weren't supposed to be, lol. About Obito... it's kinda odd how he was beginning to regret his actions. Just a few chapters ago, his determination to destroy the world seemed utterly immobile, but on this chapter he suddenly looked so vulnerable, like a completely different person. That kind of change should've taken more process than that. But overall, I enjoyed this chapter far better than the last ones. this i agree with... the change should have been more gradual then pure resolve to oh your right. 
 Originally Posted by Zenex most mangas are rather predictable once you get a few under your belt they all follow a pretty standard line with a different theme and little variations ( keep in mind not all but alot of them) but i do not mind predictable as long as its done in a beliveable way without asspull bs and more. what is shitty about obitos reason....if someone killed your mom i bet you would want revenge..well obito had the one he loved killed and he blamed the world and he wanted revenge and maybe he would have gotten over it but he was twisted even more by one of the most ruthless, smartest, legendary ninja of all time until revenge is all he saw and all he was.....it makes perfect sense in everyway, Even his turning good makes sense because he can see someone who is like him who did not make the choice to follow revenge and in that he sees a different path for the first time. and of course he regrets his actions do you think a crack head does not regret the things he did once he gets better well its no different for obito now that he sees the light he is regretting being in the dark for so long. I think you belong to the group of people who complain about naruto just for the sake of complaining because though I trash it a lot lately do to much of its asspullery I can still see the plot and enjoy it to a degree. its just the obito fight I dislike most of all for many reason most are aware of already oh and ill never get over the juubi being a tree. I thought I said I liked the chapter? I think if you take the time to read you can pretty much like cut out half of the bullshit you write in all of your posts. There is nothing reedeming about obito whatsoever. And no that's a false analogy to use a crackhead as an example. Kishimato has done a character like Obito a million time before (i.e pain) and it's no surprise that obito is the same way. This whole thing turning a bad guy into a good guy is nothing impressive to me and quite frankly I'm glad that Obito is delt with this fast so I don't have to see him. Good riddance and one of the shittiest characters in naruto. Unless of cousre he somehow survives the jubbi being extracted for whatever reason. Otherwise holy crap good riddance and we can finally get madara whatever on the spot. And I trashed talked specifically Obito as a character (since he is about to die) not the entire manga lol. Get over yourself and deal with it. 
 Ya I must have gotten all my hatin out last week because I enjoyed the chapter. Also read "dont come inside me" translation that I thought was uber gay in my head Naruto's affect on bad guys > Sasuke's affect on fangirls 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 I thought I said I liked the chapter? I think if you take the time to read you can pretty much like cut out half of the bullshit you write in all of your posts. There is nothing reedeming about obito whatsoever. And no that's a false analogy to use a crackhead as an example. Kishimato has done a character like Obito a million time before (i.e pain) and it's no surprise that obito is the same way. This whole thing turning a bad guy into a good guy is nothing impressive to me and quite frankly I'm glad that Obito is delt with this fast so I don't have to see him. Good riddance and one of the shittiest characters in naruto. Unless of cousre he somehow survives the jubbi being extracted for whatever reason. Otherwise holy crap good riddance and we can finally get madara whatever on the spot. And I trashed talked specifically Obito as a character (since he is about to die) not the entire manga lol. Get over yourself and deal with it. I think if you read you could tell that I never said you did not like the chapter...I adressed how most manga are predictable not just naruto. Then I explained to you obito's Charcter because you do not seem to understand it When it is full of good reasoning for everything and you dont seem to get that so I was trying to assiste you. Yes kishi has done alot of the same characters but such is real life. Just a bunch of people all the same thinking they are different because it makes them feel special when really There is a set few personality types and everyone just has minor differences in the different catagories. Same with kishi characters they are all similar with minor differences. but he does not only do bad to good, there has been plenty of different character types ex. bad and still bad : hidan, oro, kakuzu, kabuto, most of the akatsuki bad to good: pain,obito,zabuza,gara good and still good,:naruto, the k11, kakashi, gai good to bad: sasuke, madara decption though to be bad but never was: itachi deception though to be good but never was: danzo There is many types and minor differences in his characters so you should watch it again you may see some of them and how it is not always just bad to good. tho that is the majority because that is kishi theme. Everyone deserves a second chance and can be understood if you get what made them the way they are and never giving up. also I cannot egt over myself because i was never under myself 
 Talk no Jutsu strikes once again, followed by a tug of war match. Pretty epic if I do say so myself. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Talk no Jutsu strikes once again, followed by a tug of war match. Pretty epic if I do say so myself. ya just think of what gara could do with shukaku back 
 Is it odd that the forums are more interesting to read than the manga though? 
 This is very true and very sad. 
 Translation I read said "stop. Get out of my head" Also heev hoo was Ready set and pull is gonna be the next word. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Translation I read said "stop. Get out of my head" Also heev hoo was Ready set and pull is gonna be the next word. ya one sight comes out early with bad translations and other sites come out a bit later with much better translations so you read the better translations 
 All I can say is. ITS FINALLY OVER. Can't wait to see the wrap up though. Pretty cool stuff this chapter though. 

 I'm still getting a kick out of Zenex's sig. Every time I see it, my day brightens a little. If that was your intention, Zenex, you deserve a cookie. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Gotta admit, the tug of war thing is so perfectly stupid that I love it. 

 Originally Posted by Game Over I'm still getting a kick out of Zenex's sig. Every time I see it, my day brightens a little. If that was your intention, Zenex, you deserve a cookie. ya when i seen it i knew right away it had to be made into a signature 
 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos All I can say is. ITS FINALLY OVER. Can't wait to see the wrap up though. Pretty cool stuff this chapter though. its not over until Madara says its over 
 Originally Posted by KanataiRose its not over until Madara says its over Im looking forwad to how they make madara anything worth worrying about. naruto is about to: - take all 6 bijuu inside himself and basically become sage of six path - let the bijuu out and they will all fight for him which would make it madara vs 9 bijuu 3 of them perfect jins, hashi, tobirama, minato, sasuke, oro and freaking everyone -place the bijuu inside other shinobi making about 9 perfect jins and everyone vs madara either way madara is gonna need something because even tho he is crazy ... against all that he stands no chance especially since 2 of his opponents are master sealers ( hashi and minato ) 
 Originally Posted by Zenex Im looking forwad to how they make madara anything worth worrying about. naruto is about to: - take all 6 bijuu inside himself and basically become sage of six path - let the bijuu out and they will all fight for him which would make it madara vs 9 bijuu 3 of them perfect jins, hashi, tobirama, minato, sasuke, oro and freaking everyone -place the bijuu inside other shinobi making about 9 perfect jins and everyone vs madara either way madara is gonna need something because even tho he is crazy ... against all that he stands no chance especially since 2 of his opponents are master sealers ( hashi and minato ) ya I am interested too. I cant wait to bash kishi for what he is about to pull out of his ass. madara is strong but he will need to be more than himself to take on everyone 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
