http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152163-carbon-copy-character
[Anime] carbon copy character?
 Have you ever found an anime character thats EXACTLY like you personality wise? 
<font color="#00ffff"><font size="5"><span style="font-family: comic sans ANIMEOTAKULOVE
 Hundreds. But what do you expect from a media as trend-dictated and formulaic as anime? Only other form of story telling you get such concrete archetypes is American Sit coms... and American Action movies... American Soap Operas... Am...yeah. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Maybe, not exactly like me personality-wise, but yes. Pretty much any of the shy anime characters would work for me. Although, I wouldn't say there is a single character that comes to mind that I say "Wow, that character is exactly like me!" 
 I always look for one but so far none have really turned up. A game character has gotten rather close though, but that was years ago and no longer true. 
 Last edited by Raven Dove; 10-27-2013 at 09:36 AM. 
 Nope not yet I really want to though 
 Last edited by Onseravos; 10-27-2013 at 09:03 AM. Reason: There was an extra t 
weee
 I've never found any. Perhaps I'm just too unique! 

 Okami sama is Exactly like me. I have always put on a brave face 
 I haven't found anyone exactly like me, but Minori from Toradora and Erika from Durarara come pretty close. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 Maybe rock from black lagoon 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I'm find that certain characters remind me of myself, or at least that I relate to most, and I've pretty much narrowed it down to four; Wrath/King Bradley from Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Mugen from Samurai Champloo, Brandon Heat from GunGrave and Leina from Queen's Blade. 
 
 Originally Posted by Trypticon I'm find that certain characters remind me of myself, or at least that I relate to most, and I've pretty much narrowed it down to four; Wrath/King Bradley from Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Mugen from Samurai Champloo, Brandon Heat from GunGrave and Leina from Queen's Blade. If any of those characters reflect your personality then you belong in prison 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz If any of those characters reflect your personality then you belong in prison Hahaha, no, I'm speaking in terms of Bradley being similar to my temper, the rare occasion when I do actually get mad, let's just I can be an unforgiving jerk at times. With Mugen it's more that I have a bit of a laid back, don't care attitude, Brandon Heat there are times where I'm just as quiet, but very loyal and patient. As for Leina, actually, Leina is a nice girl, it's probably better for a person to be like her, but like her I can be pretty goal oriented and naive at times; her story arch on the first QB series reminds me a lot of when I first moved out of my dad's house, I ran into a lot of problems because of my ignorance, which is why I was able to empathize with her. So, yeah, I'm a very by the book, law abiding citizen. 
 
 I think I'd be a pretty terrible anime character, so I haven't actually seen one that was just like me Definatly some I really identified with but none I think I could have taken the place of or anything like that 
 I haven't really found any yet... I guess shy characters are the most like me so far. 

 Exactly the same would probably be a bit too much to ask for, but I've found dozens of characters who're similiar to me. 
