http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Edmond What Edmond ended up finding was useless. Practically each file and folder was your standard fair. In fact he as sure the bank that his company went through had a similar filing system. Any secrets that Varrion was supposedly having were not there. Not even a reason as to why they would hire or even need a military group of their own. Nothing led him to Varrion's supposed connections to what he called the Abase Organization either. An unnamed group who hypocritically used subjects with powers to hunt others with powers, Edmond did not need trouble from them and knew it best to shut them down from any angel possible. but alas, all he found were bank records. Edmond leaned back in the chair a little agitated, but he supposed that it made sense that such secrets would not be on this level of the building. He would have to go to the administration itself and pick their brains to get any information, but finding any of them was not an option at this point in time. As Edmond was about done checking the rest of the computer for any clues, whirring rotors sounded throughout the room, alerting Edmond of it's presence. How it got there, Edmond could not guess. But he did admit to himself that he could not rely on the group of thieves to be a distraction enough to keep them away from Edmonds snooping, especially on one of their computers. Edmond didn't have enough time to stand when the drone let out a couple warning shots. Whether it planned to kill him, or planned to keep him there, Edmond was not gong to be cornered by a RC helicopter. Taking another deep breathe, Edmond appeared to be concentrating on something. Soon after the computer screen began to freeze up and turn white, buzzing slightly. Only a little while longer, the lens on the drone could be seen trying to focus and refocus on something. It began to drift to the side and bumped into the wall. It maintained its balance, but it was clear that it was trying to search for something. It was though it had been blinded. Dusting off the char off his suit from where the bullets had grazed it, he left the room, leaving the confused drone bumping against the walls. 
  Spoiler 
