http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151938-What-is-the-big-deal-with-Sword-Art-Online!-I-don-t-thing-it-that-good-of-amine!/page2
[Anime] What is the big deal with Sword Art Online!? I don't thing it that good of amine! - Page 2
 So, are we agreeing that the second half was horrible? 
What will it take to enlighten you? I've gone passed the edge and I'm already broken; How do I climb back to the brink and put myself back together again?
 Hey guys, some people aren't native English speakers! I realize that might be hard to believe, and it might also be difficult to understand why they'd want to post on what is primarily an English speaking forum, but we don't discriminate as long as they are in fact speaking English. Likewise, some people use short hand and abbreviations, and while I personally find it difficult to read at times, I simply don't respond to their post. Because sh*tting on someone for how they type is like the lowest of low hanging fruit when it comes to trolling or flaming. You don't need to respond to someone who's post you find incomprehensible. If it's actually offensive or just so absolutely unintelligible that you think it's disrupting a discussion then report it, but otherwise just ignore it. Hell, if you need to, put the user on ignore so you don't have to see their posts. But quoting them and being all "HEH DO YOU EVEN ENGLISH?" is really unfair and it doesn't actually address anything they posted. It just derails the thread as should be obvious to everyone that such low effort trolling posts shouldn't be responded to. That's what really disappoints me here; it wasn't just one or two people it was over a dozen. And I only got two reports about the thread and both of those people also joined in. Please don't make mine or other mods efforts here harder by getting involved in this kinda stuff. Just report things and move on, or ignore posts you can't read and move on. If you feel a need to contact me about this then shoot me a PM or a VM. Don't keep derailing the thread. Don't respond to this post in the thread. Read it, comprehend it, and then pretend like it isn't actually in this thread and get back on topic. 

 Originally Posted by Vile So, are we agreeing that the second half was horrible? I actually didn't mind it. It wasn't as good as the first half by any means, but plenty of shows tend to drop the ball like that. At least it wasn't like the Endless Eight arc in Haruhi Suzumiya. 
 Originally Posted by Vile So, are we agreeing that the second half was horrible? not horrible just not great with wasted potential 
 Originally Posted by Lelouch vi Britannia the evidence? it copy any show that has a video game take over. anybody can thing off that. there the plots crap. too much loving in the amine and not enough fight scenes! and yyh is boring. dbz was around before yyh! I read the first 5-8 posts so I don't really know if anyone covered it or not, but I just had to say it's actually really hard to come up with an original story and concept. Iv'e been working on my own story for about 3 months now or so and by no means is it any good lol. So I can personally understand why there would be time skips if the creator (according to the rumors) was truly stressed out during the development of the anime. However I feel it didn't come close to reaching it's full potential of a story. Like most everyone else said the time skips were just ridiculous. At any rate the creator really rushed on this one and it turned out pretty bad. Also there was a lot of fillers it seemed like when Kirito faced off with the Christmas event in order to get that revive item. That was the last you ever heard of it lol. Kirito gave to Cline figuring he would put it to better use than he could yet it was never used. A perfect time would have been when Asuna died jumping in the way of Kayaba's (I think that's his name) attack that woulda killed kirito. If Cline were to use it then she would have survived and before she even came back rather than giving up on life Kirito could have went into a frenzy and destroyed Kayaba. That's just something I personally would have liked to see instead. So overall if all the creator needed was more time to perfect SAO or at least fill in the gaps he should have never of came up with Elfen lien. That would have gave him a lot more time to develop the story. Like Raven Dove said and whoever he quoted "good concept, bad execution" 
 I've never actually checked out Sword Art Online, so I have no idea what it is all about. I'll check it out when I have the time, which I probably always DO !!!1!!! 
 Personally I really enjoyed the series. The animation was good and I thought the storyline and ideas were really interesting. I don't see the problem with it? 

