http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155540-The-man-from-Earth
 The man from Earth
 anyone else seen this movie? Watched it for like 5th or 6th time last night. It never ceases to amaze me. My all time "no budget" favorite 
 That movie was definitely "out there" in terms of a different take of the whole human evolution timeline. Still, it was a fantastic watch, and a great twist at the end. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 Would like some link to this and whatnot. 
 i enjoyed the story very much. It has a gread build up, and a good cast especially when you consider the only one who is a bit recognizable in the movie is Candyman XD Kinda of a great motivation to anyone who dreams of making a movie but has only a camera and a few buddies willing to help. I see some flaws people like to point out, but don't mind them. It's a movie... Some christians felt insulted by this movie. I didn't. So if you haven't please go see it, you'll most likely enjoy it and be amazed at how good a movie can be with a peanut budget 
 To be honest, I didn't find the movie to be enjoyable. There are two components that I look for in a movie, the story and the visuals. The story, by large and part, is pretty good. I liked that a lot. The visuals, however, was extremely lacking. It wasn't really anything more than a bunch of people sitting around and talking. It would've been interesting if they did flashbacks and forwards or comparison ques and things like that. For example: Show an area and how it looked like a couple of years ago. Then show how it looks now with development. That was an argument that the character made, would you recognize a place that had changed that greatly if you haven't seen it in years? Of course not. If anything, this was a better "book" than it was a "movie". The premise of this being a "movie" was lost on me and I would've much preferred reading it, which I would've probably been able to do in a few short hours. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 yeah, the whole movie had the vibe of those "afternoon D class" flicks only our moms enjoy. I myself put the story as the criteria number one, two field infront everything other. So if the story is really good, nothing else really matters. When you look at the cast, i wonder how they got Candyman to be in it lol. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
