http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159892-Japan-outraged-at-ISIS-Beheading-of-Hostage/page2
 Japan outraged at ISIS Beheading of Hostage. - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Orochisudo You're a real flamer, aren't you Grey? You ain't butthurt or anything, are you? Sorry, I didn't know criticizing the bronze-age mentality of neanderthals qualified as "butthurt". 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 No, that doesn't make you butthurt. But high levels of sarcasm and insults does. Please be respectful and a little intelligent. I mean this IS a thread about people dying at the hands of terrorists. Do you honestly think the best thing to do is to flame a random American who has absolutely no control over what his government does? I don't. 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Do you honestly think the best thing to do is to flame a random American who has absolutely no control over what his government does? When said "American's" solution is to exterminate an entire people, yes. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Originally Posted by Grey When said "American's" solution is to exterminate an entire people, yes. How will that help anything, in fact won't that make everything worse? 

 Originally Posted by Grey When said "American's" solution is to exterminate an entire people, yes. This is the most ignorant way of thinking, and that way of thinking is entirely what's wrong with the world right now. You're only contributing to the mass of global hatred that fuels the suffering. There's no reasoning with people like you. I dismiss everything you say as ignorant and insulting now. 
 It was only a matter of time... Now I am one with the night and stars again... Thank you, Rhyme's Law, for your signature art work.
 Is there a gas leak in here? 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy Is there a gas leak in here? Must be the methane coming from the massive pile of BS... I'm kidding... But yeah... 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Must be the methane coming from the massive pile of BS... I'm kidding. No you're not. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by The_Archangel No you're not. Maybe I am, maybe I'm not... Maybe I'm adding to the massive pile of BS. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by Orochisudo This is the most ignorant way of thinking, and that way of thinking is entirely what's wrong with the world right now. You're only contributing to the mass of global hatred that fuels the suffering. There's no reasoning with people like you. I dismiss everything you say as ignorant and insulting now. What? Have you been reading this thread at all? I was asked if flaming people who think violence as a solution is fine. My response was yes, I have no problem flaming people who think genocide is remotely a good idea. Unless I'm misinterpreting what you're saying and you think criticizing pro-violent people "contributes to the mass of global hatred that fuels the suffering." If that's the case then whatever. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Must be the methane coming from the massive pile of BS... I'm kidding... But yeah... Well, in any regard, I wont continue to add on to the BS. I've made my point. 
 It was only a matter of time... Now I am one with the night and stars again... Thank you, Rhyme's Law, for your signature art work.
 Wow This thread has already dissolved into mud-slinging............. On subject though, We can't really do anything about it. Like some people said, if ISIS is wiped out, another group will rise up. Al Qaeda doesn't seem active anymore. Either that or I haven't been watching enough news, and have basically been replaced by ISIS as the terrorist group with the spotlight. 
