http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151417-Impulse-is-in-the-house
 Impulse is in the house
 Hey Guys Sup 
 Hey, how's it going buddy? Nice avatar! Welcome to A4/Anime-Forums, if you ever need anything, message me, I'm here for you. 
 OK buddy but i want a set or avatar 
 
 Please elaborate? How can I help? 
 *plays extreme tracks of house music while holding a set of headphones in the DJ booth thingy* HEEEEEEEY! IT'S TOO LOUD IN HERE! WELCOME TO A4!!! *continues partying* 
  Spoiler Mayuyu's personal slave >3< "Look beyond the horizon, you'll see a carnival waiting for you and the reflection of what you used to be..." **kudos to the artist** 
 Hi welcome to A4, I am a new member as well! Always looking for someone new to talk to so if your ever interested I'll be here! 

 Hay there! Welcome to A4! 
 Welcooooome 0_0 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Welcome to A4, and have fun on the forums 
  Spoiler 
 When I think of Impulse all i think of is The Flash lol Welcome to the forum though, hope you enjoy it here. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Hey there Impulse! Welcome aboard! Have fun here~ 

 Welcome to A4 Impulse! So what kinda of anime doe you like? Hope you enjoy the Forums!!! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Hey Impulse, Welcome to A4. If you're looking for a sig/avatar, you'll need to have a look in our sig and avatar requests subforum within Visual Arts. Not sure what you meant, but this is my guess. Enjoy your stay. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Welcome to A4 kiddo, Glad to have you in our ranks POST, POST, POST gain your position 

 Originally Posted by Freemasonry POST, POST, POST Don't listen to him! Post whenever you want to! Your intro was so brief. Welcome to A4 then! There's probably.. something you like.. somewhere.. I wouldn't really know! BE YOURSELF! >:I 
 My Anime List
 Welcome impulse, hope you enjoy your say. I think you will, as you can see already, Shanon is always so helpful. 

 Welcome Impulse. Yeah, Flash came to my mind as well, when I saw your username. Enjoy your stay. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by chenoodles *plays extreme tracks of house music while holding a set of headphones in the DJ booth thingy* HEEEEEEEY! IT'S TOO LOUD IN HERE! WELCOME TO A4!!! *continues partying* No, just no. Lol either way, Impulse; what are your top 5 anime? Welcome to A4. 
 Hi,hi ^-^ welcome to A4,my little mouse. 

 /yawns Why don't you tell us about you? Welcome. 
 
 Haha nice name. Welcome to A4. Hope you enjoy your stay 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Hello there. Welcome to this site. 
