http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152088-Watching-anime-with-friend-for-the-first-time
[Anime] Watching anime with friend for the first time
 After finishing Elfen Lied I loved it so much I've decided to show my friend the thing is he never watched anime before and I thought that it would be a good way to draw him into anime. After the infamous 5 first minute of episode 1 my friend were scared of it but I did manage him to get him back by showing him Ouran Highschool Host Club. After that incident I was really careful with showing my friend anime. Did this ever happend with you guys? 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 I can speak as someone who was initially introduced to anime by a friend (The anime was Code Geass and I didn't like it). Back then I was wholly uninterested in anime in general though and I've since watched Code Geass in my own time and found some enjoyment in it... I still don't like the art style of that show however. That being said, unless your friend has a very specific taste in entertainment (Such as psychotic pre-teen/teenaged girls, supposedly of another species, murdering dozens of people and many a time doing so in skimpy clothing), I don't think Elfen Lied would be the anime I would start a newcomer off with. Perhaps something a bit more entry-level (Bebop/FMA spring to mind) I'm glad to hear you got your friend back on track though, hehe. 
MAL Dotabuff Add me on Steam!
 I've introduced many anime to people / people to anime... But NEVER have I watched it with them... Would be really weird since I use headset/earphones... I hate speakers. Also what if there is an awkward moment? What if you want to laugh like crazy without looking retarded? What if you are watching Clannad and have to cut a box of onions? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Twulff (Such as psychotic pre-teen/teenaged girls, supposedly of another species, murdering dozens of people and many a time doing so in skimpy clothing) I'm glad to hear you got your friend back on track though, hehe. are you talking about When they Cry Higurashi? But yea my friend couldn't handle it... I guess people have different tastes 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 I've tried introducing a lot of friends to anime and typically it's better to start with something more soft and main stream. I usually use Sailor Moon or something light and friendly. The question is are they really interested or, are they just obliging your hobbies. It's not easy because, some might like Elfen Lied from the start and some might think you're a sadistic weird pedophile. All in all I've only ever had people talk through a series which shows me they aren't really interested. I mean Elfen Lied is weird but, it's no Excel Saga or Kiss x Sis. Sounds like your friend might not even like horror movies. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Originally Posted by Pured I've introduced many anime to people / people to anime... But NEVER have I watched it with them... Would be really weird since I use headset/earphones... I hate speakers. Also what if there is an awkward moment? What if you want to laugh like crazy without looking retarded? What if you are watching Clannad and have to cut a box of onions? should get an hdmi cable and a good tv I watch all my anime on my 60 inch tv. and its great i love watching anime that way. and you sound embarassed to watch anime or something because there is akward moments everywhere. In movies and television and anime and life so you just watch them laugh and move on. and if you wanna laugh like a retard and cant in front of your friends then who can you laugh like that with. either they are not your real friends or your just a really shy and self concious person. As for if that ever happened...no i have never met a single person in my life who was scared of a cartoon But to each their own and i have never seen elfen lied so maybe it is scarier then i think but tbh none of the people i know watch anime. Most of the people i know are construction workers and plumbers and general labourers like that and they would feel childish to watch them though im fully away they would love them if they gave them a chance but I do not care I watch the hell out of some anime haha. 
 yeahh it's better to start people off with something mainstream like Naruto and stuff, definitely not Elfen Lied ahah. 

 Your taste in anime aside, it scares me to think you thought it was a good idea to start a new comer to anime off on Elfen Lied, I can't even imagine how two brain cells can rub together in a way, to make someone go hey I know, I'll get my friend into anime by showing him Elfen lied. You probally should start off with something like Yu Yu Hakusho, Naruto(the original Naruto series anyway), Hero Tales, Busou Renkin, the Studio Ghibli movies, ect instead. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Your taste in anime aside, it scares me to think you thought it was a good idea to start a new comer to anime off on Elfen Lied, I can't even imagine how two brain cells can rub together in a way, to make someone go hey I know, I'll get my friend into anime by showing him Elfen lied. You probally should start off with something like Yu Yu Hakusho, Naruto(the original Naruto series anyway), Hero Tales, Busou Renkin, the Studio Ghibli movies, ect instead. Back then I thought it was a good idea... My friend was ok with Hellsing so I thought this wouldn't be that bad 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by alexuh55 Back then I thought it was a good idea... My friend was ok with Hellsing so I thought this wouldn't be that bad wait a minute...you said you friend never seen anime before...then you said they had seen hellsing so you thought they would be ok with elfen lied which has me confused did or did your friend not see anime b4... tho it does not matter anyway i dont think im gonna watch elfen lied this thread make is sound pretty brutal 
 Crap I mean we watched Hellsing after Elfen Lied he was ok with that 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by Lottiee yeahh it's better to start people off with something mainstream like Naruto and stuff, definitely not Elfen Lied ahah. lol, that friend of his might turn into a naruto or those other mainstream anime fans. That you will hate one day, for b1tching about how Naruto is the best anime in the world, when it's the only freakin anime they've watched. OP: so your friend liked Ouran Host Club? because it's funny and somewhat romantic? Show your friend more blood and gore animes We'll see how that will turn out. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Damn! You introduced anime with Elfen Lied?!? Maybe asking what type of mainstream movies he/she likes first would've helped you narrow down what series to show them instead of going for the bloodthirst of Lucy right off the bat. Anywho, I hope this hasn't soured things for your friendship and that you know now that shoujo seems to be a good fit for this person and not the gore-fests. Yes, this has happened to me. I tried introducing anime to my wife a few weeks back. I started her off with the dub version of Fullmetal Alchemist and she said it was "ok". Then I upped the ante and put on the subbed version of Ramen Figher Miki and that was a deal breaker. She didn't get the culture references or the type of humor and called it a cartoon. And has been calling it an immature interest ever since. Yeah...good times. 
 Originally Posted by Pured What if you are watching Clannad and have to cut a box of onions? Wasn't clannad but had a friends start crying over skype when we were watching a sad moment Was awkward and kinda has me thinking I don't wanna watch anything but comedies with people from now on On topic though I've gotten people to watch anime several times but I'm usually really careful about giving them a show I think they'll like and less one that I liked. Can't really think of a time somebody has just noped out of tryiing anime because of me atleast 
 I showed Angel Beats and he loves it now he goes off about how he likes it so much... It's getting annoying to the point that I want to lock him in the closet forcing him to watch Apocalypse Zero and Destiny of the Shrine Maiden 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by alexuh55 I showed Angel Beats and he loves it now he goes off about how he likes it so much... It's getting annoying to the point that I want to lock him in the closet forcing him to watch Apocalypse Zero and Destiny of the Shrine Maiden I don't know why people like Angle beats, the VA is so bad, it would be better as a silent series, among other big flaws, like improper use of music, ect. Luckily there's a easy fix for your problem, make your friend watch Clannad+ especially Clannad After Story, and your friend should forget Angle Beats even exists. Also while not a Romance(It's the be all end all of Dramas), to further burry Angle Beats, have him watch Kemono no souja erin(It's on Crunchyroll if you can't find a copy). Hey for good messure, have him watch the Twelve Kingdoms as well(there's so much world building to this, It's not funny, has great stories, ect, and It's a godly anime). Trust me, after all those, he wont ever remember a single scene from Angle Beats, it will be as if Angle Beats never existed(which is the way it should be). 
 I tried to get him to watch Clannad but he didn't like it as for Kemono no souja erin I think it's too long for him he prefer 13 episodes anime maybe 26 I'm just going to show him Trigun because you can never go wrong with Trigun 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by alexuh55 I tried to get him to watch Clannad but he didn't like it as for Kemono no souja erin I think it's too long for him he prefer 13 episodes anime maybe 26 I'm just going to show him Trigun because you can never go wrong with Trigun Ok sigh, he's gonna be missing out on most of the better anime then. Well back to my first post in the topic then. They are very different then a Angel beats type of anime, but for someone limited to such short series, there aren't a ton of options open to him. Hero Tales(by far the best pound for pound series this short, each aspect is balanced pretty much to perfection) is 26 ep long, as is Busou Renkin(this is a really cool anime, I'm pretty sure he would enjoy this). Also perhaps try Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight(It's 27 ep long), and Elemental Gelade(26). This Isn't what I would ever start a new comer off with, seeing how new comers are likely to get bored of it, due to lack of action, but It's a great anime, Moribito Guardian of the Spirit(26 ep), and it was created by the person who created Kemono no souja erin, so perhaps if he ends up liking this, you can get him to watch Kemono no souja erin some time, as well as other medium sized anime. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 10-30-2013 at 03:43 PM. 
 If my brother can count as a freind, or even my dad, we watched the funamation channel all the time, xxxholixs, Kenchi WMD, and Moon Phase with some others ^-^ we all enjoyed it, but personaly i like to watch animes bye my self 
 Code: Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews this is my signature there are many like it but this one is mine 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Ok sigh, he's gonna be missing out on most of the better anime then. Well back to my first post in the topic then. They are very different then a Angel beats type of anime, but for someone limited to such short series, there aren't a ton of options open to him. Hero Tales(by far the best pound for pound series this short, each aspect is balanced pretty much to perfection) is 26 ep long, as is Busou Renkin(this is a really cool anime, I'm pretty sure he would enjoy this). Also perhaps try Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight(It's 27 ep long), and Elemental Gelade(26). This Isn't what I would ever start a new comer off with, seeing how new comers are likely to get bored of it, due to lack of action, but It's a great anime, Moribito Guardian of the Spirit(26 ep), and it was created by the person who created Kemono no souja erin, so perhaps if he ends up liking this, you can get him to watch Kemono no souja erin some time, as well as other medium sized anime. My friend and I are watching Trigun now and he loves it 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
