http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159190-Your-Friends-who-watch-anime
[Personal Life Discussions] Your Friends who watch anime
 If u don't want to read my whole post the question is: Are ur anime watching friends any different then ur other friends? For example are they easier to talk to about ur issues... Unfortunately I only have one friend who watches anime, and I can honestly say I feel like he's my only true friend I mean someone who would help u out when ur about to get into a fight... Also the way we communicate with eachother is different. For example when i talk with him i talk about school, anime, video games family we also talk about our various issues and i feel like he wont go out and tell someone about them or tease me over them.. with my other friends our convos usually have to do with teasing eachother talking about sports and the next call of duty game. And i once told one of them which girl i had a crush on in high school thinking i could count on him to keep the secret he then laughs and says I gonna tell her which he did. Now this might be because I just don't have many good friends lol. Enough about me I want to know if other people have similar relationships with their anime watching friends. Also other people view me as a Sports nut and most of my friends are sports nuts as well minus the one anime watcher. Maybe im just surrounding my self with the wrong people 

 I have only two friends who watch anime. I'm quite easy to talk to person in any situation, but my anime friends understand more of my jokes. Since my jokes are always related to sex. I don't have to explain to them what means what. Like there is this dude in our school who looks like he is ten and he usually walks around with older and much bigger students than himself so I say '' So Kawaii true Shotacon'' and my anime friends understand it in a blink of an eye and there is those non-anime friends for whom I have to explain it. But other than that I talk to everyone easily. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I got 2 friends who watches anime & yes they are different then the others like you said erza, I feel comfortable when talking to them and they are trustworthy, It's like if they are in my head and I'm in theirs... They know how I feel without me showing any facial expression. We understand each other just by looking at each others face. I understand myself & it's better if you surround yourself with good people that only wants your good... Because even your shadow leaves you when it's dark 
 My Anime List
 My friends and acquaintances who I know also watch anime aren't all that different from the people I know who don't watch it. Just like other hobbies and interests, some of us share it, some of us don't. But we (my group of friends) all get along regardless. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 I have friends who have seen anime, but don't go out of their way to watch it. I actually don't know anyone in the 'real world' who likes anime. That's probably the main reason why I go on these forums and try and branch out to people I have things in common with. According to my friends and family, liking and watching anime is something children should do and it's a waste of my life... :/ 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Originally Posted by Zainox I have friends who have seen anime, but don't go out of their way to watch it. I actually don't know anyone in the 'real world' who likes anime. That's probably the main reason why I go on these forums and try and branch out to people I have things in common with. According to my friends and family, liking and watching anime is something children should do and it's a waste of my life... :/ My friends and family are very similar, my dad thinks every anime is Pokemon and my friends just call it gay 

 The few friends I know and feel comfortable talking about anime with are less serious about it than me, yet their tastes and preferences always surprise me when they go, "Hey Shmusername you should check this one anime/manga out." I'm told I watch anime like it's my job, and there aren't many others who share this sort of lifestyle with me...aside from the internet. Ofc my friends who do not watch it are different, because they perceive anime differently. 
 I have only known one friend who watch animes hard-core. But he moved out of town years ago. Now there's none except online and long-distance friends ): 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 i have two irl friends that watch anime and they are no different from anyone else. i have more to talk about with them but that's about it. 
 Well, I feel like anime fans and normal people are in two different realms. Anime fans are so definitely cooler. They're cooler friends and everything. I can talk to my anime friends forever about things. I think anime fans and normal people have a different respect for each other many times. Idk anime just connects people. 
 ♥JeanMarco♥
 Personally I have a couple friends who watch anime one of them even got me on this website. I Always feel like i can connect with them on some really personal level and i don't know why or how to explain it. But I completely understand how you feel. One of the first questions I ask when i meet someone is if they ask anime. Its a reason I love anime conventions and websites like this where you can meet more people with similar interests to you 

 I came to this site because none of my friends liked anime... so... 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by TheExpertCrafter I came to this site because none of my friends liked anime... so... well we like anime here so welcome home x3 

 Originally Posted by TheExpertCrafter I came to this site because none of my friends liked anime... so... same thing for me. I often have this urge to share and there is no one around 
 Originally Posted by VonElven same thing for me. I often have this urge to share and there is no one around Yeah I want to be like "So did you see this weeks episode of...." Oh, I forgot, you are lame, never mind. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 When it comes to my anime friends, I find myself usually being able to talk about more things than I can with my other non-anime friends, so that's pretty cool; sometimes I have to learn that my anime friends are interested in more things than anime though XD it can be hard to talk about anime for me sometimes because of conflicting opinions, like favorite characters, favorite episodes, etc. but I don't always talk to them about my issues, from there, it's not about whether they're into anime or not, and more about how close they are to me as a friend and how much I trust them 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
 Most of the people in my club at school watch anime so I have no problem there. Plus my mother and brother both watch as well. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 The club I belong to sets aside 2 hours every media day for anime (along with 2 hours for tv and then one movie). Of those of us in the club who do watch anime, we don't really differ from each other. We all like to play games, and some of us can even play at a competitive level, we all do work on behalf of the club, and we all pitch in to help/run various departments at the local conventions. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Can't really help here since would need to have friends, while I have a friend. He doesn't watch anime though. Also I have kind of similar situation with the sports. Like I love my sport and sports in general and enjoy them, but I often don't fit too well with other "sport nuts". 
 I have a few friends who, watch anime and I use that term loosely. They have watched in the past and will in the future, but they don't watch much. I like talking to them about anime, but tbh I don't talk a lot about anime in general because I don't have any passionate anime friends. 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 I hang out with this guy and his friends. I'm not sure how it came up, but one time at a bar this guy and I started talking about anime and such. It was great because I would have never thought he'd be into that kind of thing. My wish is to have more friends who watch anime but who aren't all (✿◠‿◠) ~*KaWAII~* (●´ω｀●) about it. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 I don't have any friends who watch anime. Actually I used too, but he moved away. So none. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 I have three friends who watch anime and others saw one or two series but they aren't into it. Fortunately, I have friends not that narrow-minded! Obviously it's easier be connected with people who share the same passions, our unconscious brings us to accept people that resemble to us. From this we can deduce one thing. Speak with people about what they like and you'll make tons of new friends! 
 Last edited by final x; 01-17-2015 at 01:24 PM. 
 No . . . I don't have irl friend who watch anime. They are just bunch of fan girls who like to give fan girl shriek each time they see their favorite artist/actor/etc. Well, they are good people so I don't mind. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/kiieatspocky
 I have three friends who are into anime. We always speak about anime when we go out. It's really exciting discussing with them even if they don't always agree with me. 
