http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159657-Favorite-Anime-Soundtrack
[Anime] Favorite Anime Soundtrack
 What's your favorite anime soundtrack? I love all things Joe Hisaishi but for the sake of this thread I'll stick to tv shows. My favorite soundtrack from a TV show is probably Angel Beats, although Bleach had an amazing soundtrack through its million seasons it got. 
 Strike witches!!! Epic john Williams type stuff. Next up would be robotech, sword art online then log horizon . 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 This is a easy one, Inuyasha hands downj, no other anime can even hold a candle to this be all, end all of soundstracks. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Gotta go with the digimon movie soundtrack. It's one of the only cd's i have ever bought twice (smashed the first one with a sledge hammer....don't ask) 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 For recent animes, it would definitly be Aldnoah Zero. Amazing soundtrack. I also enjoy Triggers music, like KLK. 

 Monster. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8Rhb-Ln01Q Opens with that and then just gets awesomer throughout the episode. Dat melancholy. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I'm surprised no one's mentioned Yuki Kajiura yet :o (Well, she DID compose the soundtrack for SAO, so...) But yeah, she's worked on SAO, Puella Magi Madoka Magica, and Fate/Zero, and I can safely say the soundtracks for these 3 series are a huge part of what made them so memorable in my eyes~ 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor This is a easy one, Inuyasha hands downj, no other anime can even hold a candle to this be all, end all of soundstracks. Pardon me to disagree Zoltor. Although the series had some some really engrossing tracks especially the ending theme Song of Truth which I don't feel like taking down from my signature at all, the soundtrack can't be rated as one of the best. I mean some of the openings were weak and the bgm really repetitive. However, that's just my opinion. It would be an injustice to pick out only one anime however I'd go with Wolfs Rain with GITS a close second. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Naruto and Uta no prince sama 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Madoka Magica has some of the best soundtracks I've heard. On a more personal level, I also like some of the Digimon Adventure and Digimon Tamers soundtracks. The Gintama soundtracks are fun, with some being quite emotional (though I prefer its OP/ED songs over its scores). 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 Hellsing ultimate, Katanagatari, anything done by Hiroyuki Sawano or Iwasaku Taku -> TTGL and Noragami had a really nice soundtrack Hiroyuki Sawano Hiroyuki Sawano Hiroyuki Sawano Iwasaki Taku Iwasaki Taku Iwasaki Taku Iwasaki Taku I could write an entire paragraph about both genius composers and their composing styles but I think I've already done that a few hundred times though! so I'll leave it with this. 
 Last edited by Ta-Ka; 01-10-2015 at 04:32 AM. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Difficult. Either GitS: Stand Alone Complex or Bubblegum Crisis. Plenty of other things have a few stand out tracks, but those were the two I found most consistently enjoyable throughout. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Shinsekai yori, durarara, and soa. Not sure if these are my top 3 but they are all memorable ones for me 
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil Pardon me to disagree Zoltor. Although the series had some some really engrossing tracks especially the ending theme Song of Truth which I don't feel like taking down from my signature at all, the soundtrack can't be rated as one of the best. I mean some of the openings were weak and the bgm really repetitive. However, that's just my opinion. It would be an injustice to pick out only one anime however I'd go with Wolfs Rain with GITS a close second. Huh, every song within the anime is a masterpiece, so I don't know what you're talking about(repetitive? Repetetive my ass, what are you watching, because it sure Isn't Inuyasha). Yea that's pretty awesome, but for favorite Endings/OPs I would've gone with (ending 2)Fukai Mori : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIoDWTF0qSo (ending 3)Dearest: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUxsU9NVDaY (Final Act OP)Kimi ga inai mirai https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E515S9UskE0 Forkai Mori is probally still the most famous Japanese song ever made world wide, and for good reason, hell this song changed the entire music industy in Japan in general. The music within the anime is so great, It's the poster child of how powerful music can be when used in a anime, I could go indepth with those as well if you want(damn there's a lot of great songs, a few of which that are still way better then any other in the history of anime, and that's on top of all the other great songs within the anime. Unlike most anime soundtracks, It's not just a couple of great songs, and the rest are only good, all of them are great in Inuyasha, and there's an insane amount of songs in this series). 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Dang, how did I forget about Bebop?? 
 Bebop is solid, I also dig XXXholic and Ghost in the shell (all of them) 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Huh, every song within the anime is a masterpiece, so I don't know what you're talking about(repetitive? Repetetive my ass, what are you watching, because it sure Isn't Inuyasha). Yea that's pretty awesome, but for favorite Endings/OPs I would've gone with (ending 2)Fukai Mori : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIoDWTF0qSo (ending 3)Dearest: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUxsU9NVDaY (Final Act OP)Kimi ga inai mirai https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E515S9UskE0 Forkai Mori is probally still the most famous Japanese song ever made world wide, and for good reason, hell this song changed the entire music industy in Japan in general. The music within the anime is so great, It's the poster child of how powerful music can be when used in a anime, I could go indepth with those as well if you want(damn there's a lot of great songs, a few of which that are still way better then any other in the history of anime, and that's on top of all the other great songs within the anime. Unlike most anime soundtracks, It's not just a couple of great songs, and the rest are only good, all of them are great in Inuyasha, and there's an insane amount of songs in this series). You seem to be a fervent admirer of Do As Infinity. Our differences are simply due to our tastes. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil You seem to be a fervent admirer of Do As Infinity. Our differences are simply due to our tastes. I wasn't aware there was someone who wasn't lol j/k(well not really, how can you not love Do As Infinty). Yea, I guess that's the case then. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Anything by Yuki Kajiura, but my favorite anime series she's composed for are Madoka Magica, Mai Hime, and .Hack//Sign. Welcome to the N.H.K.'s soundtrack is also amazing. This song in particular, I love from Welcome to the N.H.K. 
 Originally Posted by Joanro Anything by Yuki Kajiura, but my favorite anime series she's composed for are Madoka Magica, Mai Hime, and .Hack//Sign. Welcome to the N.H.K.'s soundtrack is also amazing. This song in particular, I love from Welcome to the N.H.K. What, how can you possibly bring up Yuki Kajiura, yet not have your favorite be the Tsubasa Chronicle soundtrack, It's her masterpiece of masterpieces(she also did Elemental Gelade as well, so yea she has made a lot of awesome songs). The series could've used a couple more songs due to the size of the anime, but everything in it is great. She's probally easily the 2nd best composer in the anime industry, 2nd to only Kaoru Wada 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Originally Posted by Joanro Anything by Yuki Kajiura, but my favorite anime series she's composed for are Madoka Magica, Mai Hime, and .Hack//Sign. Welcome to the N.H.K.'s soundtrack is also amazing. This song in particular, I love from Welcome to the N.H.K. I've been meaning to watch this show. I'm going to bump it up to next on my list after I finish The Fruit of Grisaia. 
 While not anything like all time favourite one that recently caught my ear was Amaenaideyo Katsu's opening song in every episode. Such cheering song with happy mood. 
 Yu Yu Hakusho had my favorite. Nothing else has stood out at all except for Eva the 2nd time watching it. 
​
 I'd still have to go with "Inner Universe" from GITS:SAC. Maybe just because that's what got me started back into watching a series rather than the occasional movie. 

 The soundtrack for FLCL. AMAZING. The Pillows was a big part of my life back in the day. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
