http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?146182-What-song-currently-fits-your-mood
 What song currently fits your mood?
 We all have days where we listen to a genre specific sound, simply because our mood is in it, or isn't. Similar to the "currently listening to.." thread, but with more depth, and is to be a complete reflection of your mood. I think it'd be a little interesting to get into the heads of the people at A4; see what makes them tick. So, it can be a slow, sappy song today, and then be an upbeat rap ballad the next day. But to keep it discussion worthy; why does the song you picked at that given time, explain your mood? It doesn't have to be philosophical. Maybe you've had too much sugar and you're on a sugar high and you're listening to some anime soundtrack, or whatever. So then, what reflects your mood at the moment? ------ Song that reflects my mood at the moment: Where Do We Go from Here? Artist: Filter. Why? It's in my playlist, and I used to listen to it heavily a number of years back. I'm in one of those indifferent moods, where everything is appearing in different shades of grey. (Dear god, no 50 Shades of sh!t jokes, please).  Spoiler Edit: Changed to a song that better emphasizes my mood. 
 Last edited by Demon Eyes Kyō; 05-23-2013 at 01:41 AM. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Misery business by paramore or Homecoming by Hey Monday 

 Die Die my darling by Metallica 
 Signature by Okesia 
 Any Alternative that deals with cutesy love or feelings in general. Such Great Heights by The Postal Service. Mountain Sound by Of Monsters and Men Holding on to You by 21 Pilots The rest of the time I dabble in Japanese screamo/metal and Sum 41/Offspring punk rock 

 Well, it's a new day and I've moved on from Filter as a whole, for now. In a bit of a motivational mood at the moment; seeing as it's 30 past midnight here. I'm listening to "Warm Shadow" by Fink. This song screams to me, "get up, and make it happen." So, that's where my mind is at this time.  Spoiler And yeah, it doesn't have to be a song you're "currently" listening to. It can just be a song that you've heard or know of, and spells out your mood at the moment. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 strong enough by nocturnal rites I believe its about a break for independence and doing what you want to do instead of getting told what to do but I may be wrong. im getting a little tired of people telling me what to do and I want to be a little more independent  Spoiler 
 -.- You really like making music threads. Is this #3? OT: This is one of my current favourites... It just... idk... the song makes me chill and feel nice. YooJiAe - Delight 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured -.- You really like making music threads. Is this #3? HA! I guess it might be the third? That's nothing compared to the Current Events section. I think I have 11 topics there. Some of the topics here were a little generic, so I wanted to add a little "life" to it. Anyway.. OT: Been feeling a bit irritable since this afternoon, and it's revitalizing my sociopathic nature. So, to reflect the abstain of my undying anger right now.. I feel like smashing someone's face in, honestly.. Song: I Am Him. Artist: Nothingface. Album: Skeletons.  Spoiler 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Space Bound - Eminem I just feel like dozing off with raps like this....waaaa 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 In the Mourning ~Paramore... I feel deppressed... And I want someone to die... Don't know who yet though... 
<hlp_me>Em=Ek+mgh</hlp_me>Just some dark formulas to lighten up your day!CoNfUsIoN iS iN tHe EyE oF tHe BeCoNfUsEdT-T
 It's Saturday afternoon.. my mood's mellowed out a little bit, but I'm still feeling a bit pessimistic. It'd be better summed up by the song "Sometimes I Can't Make It Alone," from Mae. An ex of mine got me into this band some years ago. I'll edit the video into this post later.. I don't really feel like it now, for some reason.. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 
 Sig by ~Twobit 
 I can never get bored of this song. : ) 
 The levan polka... 
 M83 - Outro, pretty much most of their songs have fitted my mood lately. 
  Spoiler 
 The Beatles- Here comes the sun, I'm actually in an exceptionally good mood today. 
 Just feel very calm and relaxed. 
 The Blizzard-Kalopsia 
 I'm not all that deep lately just been listening to funny stuff because my mood has been a make me laugh kinda mood lol. I've been playing this song a lot- Song: Semicolon Artist: The Lonely Island Album: The Wack Album Why: Because I live a hectic life and my mood usually craves comedy to keep me well balanced haha.  Spoiler 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Right now I feel Peace and tranquility quite like this composition  Spoiler 
 This song currently. His voice is amazing. 
 "Music Massacre" K-9 Alternative Rap The Pit 10/10 Modern Rap Pt. 2 Cause this mofo is a kickass rapper and a good friend of mine. I need some good rap right about now.  Spoiler 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Right now I'm listening to Phil Collins - In the air tonight, that sums it up, but only two days of work left thank god. 
  Spoiler 
 This!  Spoiler Just kidding was in the mood for that like one week ago. I love the song below :3 Its so cute 10/10  Spoiler 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Pretty much this...is about an hour... 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
