http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151463-Forgotten-prisonerdrinks-his-own-urine-to-survive
 Forgotten prisonerdrinks his own urine to survive.
 In one of the most bizarre stories of recent memory, a 24-year old UC San Diego student was forced to drink his own urine in order to survive being left for five days in a DEA holding cell. Yes, you read that correctly. Five days! According to The Raw Story, Daniel Chong was taken into custody after he was arrested during a raid in which Chong and his friends were caught with marijuana, ecstasy, pills, mushrooms, and weapons. In all, seven people were arrested, but Chong was left handcuffed and forgotten in a 5×10 foot holding cell. Chong said that he “screamed and kicked” in order to get someone’s attention, but none of that worked. As time passed, Chong drank his own urine to keep from dying of thirst and eventually tried to kill himself by “breaking his glasses with his teeth.” In perhaps the strangest part of the story, Chong claims to have found meth in the holding cell, which he used to stay awake. After five days, Chong was discovered and rushed to intensive care, where he spent three days. No formal charges have yet been brought against the DEA, but the video below from NBC notes that the neglect could mean millions for Chong. Chong has also not been charged with any crime. http://www.marijuana.com/news/2012/0...ne-to-survive/ Um,last time I checked urine was not meant for drinking.Nothing will happend for you to"survive" The suspicious.... 

 Dude, this stories like a year old. Put down the bong. I believe he got a fat payout and an apology already. Also... According to The Raw Story, Daniel Chong was taken into custody after he was arrested during a raid in which Chong and his friends were caught with marijuana, ecstasy, pills, mushrooms, and weapons. In all, seven people were arrested, but Chong was left handcuffed and forgotten in a 5×10 foot holding cell. That'll cheech him. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Isnt this an old story? I remember seeing this sometime last year. *looks at date* yeah it was march 2012. I loled at the name of site you got that from. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
  Spoiler and, Oh Snap has a point. That article was Posted May 2nd, 2012 

 Yeah, this is not a current event at all. good thing the guy watched Man vs Wild. BETTER DRINK MY OWN PISS 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Dude, this stories like a year old. Put down the bong. I believe he got a fat payout and an apology already. Also... That'll cheech him. I think I remember this one too. So Yeah it happened a while ago. Forget when exactly. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Closed for being old and for everyone stating that it was old. Geeze guys stop beating a dead horse. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
