http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?133094-Spamming-READ-PLEASE
[General Discussion] Spamming [READ PLEASE]
 Stop with the image macros, please. Guys, this isn't Tumblr and derailing threads with image macros is becoming unacceptable. We are reasonable and rarely say anything when there is one here and there, but it's getting ridiculous. There are a few main offenders to the spamming. People are not only posting macros, but responding with them during serious discussions like it's some F&G thread, which sends the thread off on a tangent. This goes for both here and Current Events, where it seems to happen most frequently. I think we need to go back to the forum's rules: No Spamming. This includes: When posting a response to a thread, it must add to the overall discussion value of the thread (responses that merely agree with previous posts or add nothing to the topic are spam and will be deleted). Posts which do not adhere to the boundaries of the thread posted in. Threads which are placed in inappropriate forums. Role playing, chain story threads. Useless threads/posts. ("I have a cat" or similar threads are considered useless.) Threads with topics which already exist. Please observe previous threads for an existing topic before creating a new one. If duplicate threads are made they will locked or deleted. Flame posts." is my favorite" threads, please. Such posts are only permissable in the context of general "favorites" threads (eg, a "Who's your favorite character?" thread). This also includes bumping up threads. Please refrain from posting anything that is clearly just stating "Bump!" No double posting, there is an edit button available now. No picture responses. Your post consists of only a pic and nothing else. Having a verbal response AND an attached pic is fine. Posts under 20 characters. There is an internal check from the forum itself that will inform you if you are under 17 characters (this includes spaces). Posts that contain "17characters" as a means to bypass the minimum limit will be dealt with or any other similar way such as "Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" or "????????????????????" will not be tolerated as well.No list posts. Any post that includes little besides a list of names or titles do not contribute to discussion and are spam. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
