http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156004-Common-core-math-what-the-heck
 Common core math: what the heck?
 Since I've seen this everywhere on the net I thought I would post it here and try to discuss. Why are there such weird math problems coming out of some school districts that make there way to the net? http://www.nationalreview.com/articl...ms-alec-torres As someone with a math degree, I really had a hard time understanding the logic behind some of these methods and I've taken about 8-10 classes dealing with calculus in some form or another (a lot theoretical). What happened to the standard addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division algorithms? Why are we breaking everything up into tens to do basic addition and subtraction that was handled well before? The only thing I can think of is that teachers somehow have the idea that learning math means being able to do basic computations in your head without a calculator. If that's the case, this is really stupid. A lot of people worked really hard for a long time so we could have calculators to do computations. Why not make use of the calculators and try to get people more comfortable at an advanced level? Edit: Also can tell the national review is ****, just was the easiest site to find with bad examples. Here's a more broad article from the post on the aims of the common core. one of the really poignant points is that there's so much going on holding students back outside the classroom, it's hard to see what modifying the standards for everyone and blaming teachers will accomplish. The tone of this article I have to agree with. It's really hard I guess to see what problem really existed with our school systems or teachers in the first place. We educate everyone for free and it's turned out to be a pretty good deal. http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet/post/eight-problems-with-common-core-standards/2012/08/21/821b300a-e4e7-11e1-8f62-58260e3940a0_blog.html 
 Last edited by Tenken; 03-21-2014 at 10:24 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 I remember when my parents would say how this generation doesn't learn anything because computers do everything for us, and how they worked so hard to do the computations in school, therefore to them ,that equates to a better education system. The funny part is that we learn more precisely because we have computers and computational software. What is the point of trying to figure out how to do something that a computer can do. If being good at math was considered being good at computing than the supercomputer would be the best mathematician in the world. The point of math is to devise new theories and equations. Leave the computation to the computers. Which only makes learning math at a high level even more pointless in my honest opinion. Computers do most of higher level math with increased complexity in software. I understand that we still need people to create the software and the math behind it for this but unless you're going to be a mathematician or someone who creates these algorithms/software to begin with you don't need. The world is becoming more of a place where anything systematic is taken over by computers. 
 I see you agree with my sentiments that we should make full use of calculators but just one small point. Computers don't really do higher level math. They do the stuff most of us shouldn't be wasting our time on. I know our resident engineer will point out that computers could screw him in his job, but he knows enough math too to know what works. And is probably far more functional in the subject than most math majors (me especially). Still, if we're breaking things in to tens to help facilitate doing computations in our heads, I have to ask why? It seems silly when we can just use calculators or break out a piece of paper and use the old algorithms to check things. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 03-21-2014 at 09:21 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by Tenken I see you agree with my sentiments that we should make full use of calculators but just one small point. Computers don't really do higher level math. They do the stuff most of us shouldn't be wasting our time on. I know our resident engineer will point out that computers could screw him in his job, but he knows enough math too to know what works. And is probably far more functional in the subject than most math majors. Still, if we're breaking things in to tens to help facilitate doing computations in our heads, I have to ask why? It seems silly when we can just use calculators or break out a piece of paper and use the old algorithms to check things. Yeah, I didn't mean to say that. What i'm saying is that software plus supercomputers means that math can even get more complicated than just stuff "we don't want to waste our time on" but yeah no point in doing something a computer can do. Then you also have stuff like wolfram alpha. 
 I agree with the first paragraph of that article. I feel like I have to decode a cryptic message before I can do the basic computations. It took me a while to figure out how to answer question 1 in the fourth picture, but the worst part was picture 8. I had no idea how to do that card matching section. These Common Cores questions are clearly needlessly complicating things. Instead of just 2+3=5, they want you to do, 2+2+1=5. And look at some of those terminology changes. The last four are acceptable, but changing "borrow" into a whole sentence is ridiculous. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I wouldn't mind seeing a larger selection of the assignments and material before damning the entire program, but yeah a lot of that information seems like a poor method of teaching. Then again, some of those methods, especially the doubles plus one thing, remind me of how some autistic individuals are able to process math, so maybe these methods aren't completely without use. Just not sure they're ideal for your average student. 

 Good point that different methods work for different students. Yeah, ultimately it's not a big deal if the standard ways are still in the cirriculum somewhere before high school and this supplements it. It's just such fuzzy thinking to get introduced to. I've never really poured over the mathematical literature (i.e. didn't read old books from Newton or euler like some), but I'm thinking the way we've been taught to line up numbers by place value and add, subtract, or multiply are really really old methods. Like Greek and Persian old. Something to be said for them if they've survived that long across so many different societies. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 03-22-2014 at 11:24 AM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 I briefly looked over Common Core's site, and its standards are a little odd. Their methods of teaching math are unnecessarily drawn out when they really shouldn't be. While visualizing addition and subtraction helps some students and may be a good way to introduce it, it really shouldn't be a method to rely on like it seems to be. And they have a standard for introducing algebra in grade 1. I think that's a little ridiculous. Their math standards are here is you want them: http://www.corestandards.org/Math/ 
 HONK :O) 
 Not entirely sure what their goal is. I know they teach many aspects of math differently than I was taught, though, sometimes I ask myself 'Why?!'. The one thing that bothered me for a while, was the request for calculators in elementary school. I refused to provide one. If you can't do basic math without a calculator, fail. I have gotten in several fights with our oldest daughter over math problems, because 'that isn't how the teacher showed me'. bleh. 
 Common Core has two problems. One of the problems it focuses on is "Standardization". The US Government is all about Standardization which makes it hard for a Teacher to teach what one would deem " important". The problem with this is not every Teacher believes everything is important and not everything that is important is going to be taught. The second problem is, the "standard" is incorrect and is making it even harder for Students to understand. I watched a couple of videos of Common Core: Math, I have no idea what the hell I even watched. I do NOT agree with changing the way we learn because we are unable to teach our Students. The problem isn't the material, the problem is the teaching method and how we limit the methods in which we teach. If every country in the world is using the same "concepts" we're using, and we're the ones failing, the problem isn't us, it's the "concept"? I'm sorry, but that is just complete bullsh*t. If the "concept" works in every other country but yours, it's how you teach it, not the concept itself. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 So you'll have to forgive the weird formatting, I wanted to think about this for a few days before responding so I wrote down my thoughts in an external word processor and copied it back over. I tried to speak in general so I go a little beyond the topic of "Core Math" to address standardized education as a whole. Disclaimer: Nothing I say represents the opinions of people I have worked for in the past, or present. There are some serious questions to be had regarding what we should be teaching before we even broach how we're teaching. I can see what they are trying to accomplish: they want a national standard for a number of "targeted areas" where we as a country have been shown to not do so well (through what feedback channels who knows). The idea is that no matter where you are in the US you will understand this core material at some standard level. Now this has been a constant issue, especially with various entities/laws/etc requiring states to develop their own standards. It seems like we keep repeating this cycle in education where the national level requires local levels to create standards to abide by, and then we see a push on the tail end to standardize these standards at a national level, and the people making bank are those servicing education (everything from books, equipment, to complete course material) and politicians. The people involved with servicing education are not only the ones who help develop new standards(see: requirements) but are also people selling the educational materials. Take a minute, and let that sink in... It's a good idea on paper. Yes we should expect that the educational system serve more than as a babysitter: Everyone who goes through the system should understand basic math, be able to communicate via writing or speaking, have some understanding as to how the government works so that they may participate in the democratic process, be able to behave in society and get a long with others, and hopefully gain further development from various cultural works. The problem is that "understanding math" or "being able to communicate" don't have definite indicators. Examining how curriculum is built, and sold there are a lot of questionable practices, an example is that that some curriculum like to point out "educational gains" and actually have developed formulas for "learning coefficients" that stem from how students perform on certain tests before and after the curriculum, but the results are effectively skewed because you've exposed them to the material in the first step of establishing their understanding of the subject via their first test. If you give them a test, and then teach them what's going to be on the test, and then give them that same test of course you're going to see an improvement on paper but the question is have they actually "learned" or "understand" the subject. I intentionally use quotes when refering to "learning" and "understanding" because these are very much debatable, numerous institutions have developed their own tests, and metrics, and in fact this is the basis for why we have so many different curricula being sold/adopted. Everyone wants to standardize a process that we've learned is very nonstandard and personal. The way of/rate at which one student builds the chemical brain structure to understand a certain subject is nowhere near close to how another student does it. To go further beyond the topic and throw my 0.02USD : I think we should focus more on developing critical thinking, and treat everything else as a set of tools people can pick up as they go through life. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 The only thing I can think of is that teachers somehow have the idea that learning math means being able to do basic computations in your head without a calculator. If that's the case, this is really stupid. A lot of people worked really hard for a long time so we could have calculators to do computations. Why not make use of the calculators and try to get people more comfortable at an advanced level? That's the plan, to teach children the "why" something is done, and knowing why their calculator or their computer got that answer. We've already had years of not teaching children this, and all we ended up is preparing children/ teens to take yearly exams. And none of them learned the simple question of "why" we do what we do, which leads to the "how" we do something. The first example: the one on that report you linked us to, is used to show how the number 7 and 3 create the number 10, the parts of a whole. This leads to understanding fractions little by little, it may appear weird but that is how it works. It pretty much is leading a child , and making connections, from basic math to fractions and decimals. Parents are looking at their kids as "being too young" to understand something so hard, that they wouldn't be able to solve a "hard question". We have given up on our children, and think below what they can solve. I do not see it like that, as an Educator and one who is studying to become an Elementary school teacher and studying the common core. The interesting thing is that for many years different parts of the world have their own version of the "common core", and they are doing far better than us. Your argue that they should learn how to use the computer and the calculator a lot more than learning the basic computation skills in their heads?? doesn't work that way, if a student does not know the basics. It is pretty much like an artist or computer animation, since I studied computer animation and have a BA on it, can not improve upon their skills if their drawing abilities are not in par with their 3D abilities. In other words, a 3D animator needs to first learn the basics of drawing and 2D animation (Cell animation) to really master the medium of 3D animation. This is something that a lot of people who are not studying the common core and only hear what other people online are saying about the common core. The 2nd image, showing the parts of whole method as well, shows students how to visually solve subtraction problems by manipulating the places of each number. It may look weird to US parents, but this is a method that is use in Mexico, Central America, south America and Asia! and if it is good for them! it is good for American students. Looks confusing, but again! we have to see our children, our students, that they can do this. The one image that has the different shapes, clearly! that was a mistake. It happens! worksheets are created by people. Mistakes tend to happen. That state should be held for that mistake, yet! the worksheet can be fix by the teacher and they can create their own questions for their students as well. The Common core will work, not because I am studying it or feel that I have to support it. But because other parts of the world have their own "common core ", we , the US, were just late in the game. It is natural to not understand and fear that which we do not know, years ago! Social Security was feared and was called a "communist" idea and plan to take over the US government. Give it time! it will work. Common Core has two problems. One of the problems it focuses on is "Standardization". The US Government is all about Standardization which makes it hard for a Teacher to teach what one would deem " important". The problem with this is not every Teacher believes everything is important and not everything that is important is going to be taught. The second problem is, the "standard" is incorrect and is making it even harder for Students to understand. I watched a couple of videos of Common Core: Math, I have no idea what the hell I even watched. I do NOT agree with changing the way we learn because we are unable to teach our Students. The problem isn't the material, the problem is the teaching method and how we limit the methods in which we teach. If every country in the world is using the same "concepts" we're using, and we're the ones failing, the problem isn't us, it's the "concept"? WRONG! the common core does not focus in "standardization" it focuses on staying away from standards and trying to have students learn in their phase and their own different styles of learning. Teachers decide what is the "big idea" and they integrate it into the lesson plan as a whole, the problem is that older mode of teaching has been integrated into most of the "baby boom" teachers that it is hard for them to think differently. Of course, this is coming from a current graduate student who is the first class to be learning using the common core. The good thing that the common core takes is! what you just said! >< "not everything that is important is going to be taught"... basically, we do not need to teach students everything, because a student will connect the dots in their heads. This is what a lot of parents are afraid of the common core, that their kids will not be able to make the connection.Pretty much! it is the same view that kids are a "blank" state and do not know nothing, it will surprise you how much kids actually know about math. As for the standard being incorrect?? Common core still has to use the basic standards from the past, but we have to change them to reflect and use English language arts, science, and social studies all at once. Sound hard, right? but when a teacher is trained and taught how to do this, it becomes easy. I've already taught a few common core classes myself. It is easier than it looks, looks like a nightmare and like it is hard and not helping students. They are learning. 
 A4 veteran 2002, member # 88, back after a long hiatus. Got kicked out of a strip club due to tipping a stripper with a Filet-o-Fish.
 Yeah, I think there's a bad misconception here because of something I said about computers and calculators, but allow me to elaborate. Learning the basic algorithms to do arithmetic isn't learning math "deeply" or learning "why" it's done that way. Knowing how to do rote computations in your head isn't leading you to some kind of advanced understanding of how number systems work. You're just doing the work a calculator does more efficiently. I think you should know how to apply the algorithms yourself obviously, but there's a limit to what can be gained from rejiggering the algorithms we already know. Math at it's very best is the careful, logical measurement and modeling of phenomena of all sorts. It's hard to see how rethinking the really basic algorithms and getting uptight about computation gets people using math at a higher level (or even a standard level). Aside from that, whatever works best I guess. I doubt that much changes even after all this, but if it does, hey, I was wrong on an internet board. Won't be the first or the last time. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 04-02-2014 at 09:12 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by Tenken Yeah, I think there's a bad misconception here because of something I said about computers and calculators, but allow me to elaborate. Learning the basic algorithms to do arithmetic isn't learning math "deeply" or learning "why" it's done that way. Knowing how to do rote computations in your head isn't leading you to some kind of advanced understanding of how number systems work. Applying some formula some other guy came up with isn't teaching you the "why" either. All of math up through high school never really answers the question "why" and never even tries. Learning the basic algorithms to do arithmetic isn't learning math "deeply" or learning "why" it's done that way. This is the thought that has made our students get behind in math. They have to know how the basic algorithm works, or else! they will not be able to connect it with future advance math topics. Example, a student who has problem with the basic algorithm of adding, will have problems doing multiplication, a student who has problem with multiplication will have problems with division. It builds up! if a student does not have a deep understanding of why and how the algorithm is done, then they will suffer later. We, the US, has been teaching with the idea that "knowing the algorithm" does not matter, and that knowing the answer is "better". Knowing how to do rote computations in your head isn't leading you to some kind of advanced understanding of how number systems work. Applying some formula some other guy came up with isn't teaching you the "why" either. All of math up through high school never really answers the question "why" and never even tries who is saying that students will rote compute? that is the worse way to learn math, and even my college professors have shown me that rote is the worse way to learn English and Math, the common core takes care of that issue and makes students use what they've learned to solve problems. math and ELL students, by teaching the student to connect what they know and adapt it into a question. This has been missing in American education for a while now. I haven't heard any professor telling me that rote learning should be use?? O_O who told you that?? As for your other statement..does not make sense?? when all of the algorithms we are teaching students...are algorithms that were created long ago by the Greeks...that's the only thing we are using, which was created by "another guy"...I do not understand what your issue is with the common core?? 
 A4 veteran 2002, member # 88, back after a long hiatus. Got kicked out of a strip club due to tipping a stripper with a Filet-o-Fish.
 No one said basic algorithms shouldn't be taught. I questioned the effectiveness of changing the basics when they were already well thought out, and suggested a reason why they appear to have been changed. You seem to think they've been changed because they're effective ways of teaching students fractions. Fine I guess, but I didn't really think you started introducing second graders to fractions when they're still learning to add and memorizing their times tables. And again, if you examine even the basic addition algorithm, it's well thought out. We take big numbers, line them up by place value, and break bigger problems into smaller ones with an efficient number of steps involved. I'm really doubting turning small 2 step problems into big 6 step problems is helping anyone. Not to mention the issues with adding long lists of numbers together with those methods. Realistically, there isn't a defense for changing stuff that basic aside from "it might help the student learn better." So I seriously hope this older stuff remains in the cirriculum somewhere. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 04-02-2014 at 09:35 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 No one said basic algorithms shouldn't be taught. I questioned the effectiveness of changing the basics when they were already well thought out, and suggested a reason why they appear to have been changed. You seem to think they've been changed because they're effective ways of teaching students fractions. Fine I guess, but I didn't really think you started introducing second graders to fractions when they're still learning to add and memorizing their times tables. Your previous statement stated to that idea... The basics are not being change, who keeps on telling you that they are? The common state standards have been combine with the common core, this is what a lot of parents, and those who have not set foot in the classroom, think that they have been. The common core is way, or technique, to integrate the common old standards in a lesson plan. It is basically teaching better, by taking the old standards into account. Nothing is being change..who keeps on giving you the information that is being change?? No, students are not taught fractions, completely, in the 2nd grade. But they are slowly taught a small portion of it by using Number sense and basic math. Fractions, as a whole, is taught in the 5th grade: part of the 5th grade standards. And again, if you examine even the basic addition algorithm, it's well thought out. We take big numbers, line them up by place value, and break bigger problems into smaller ones with an efficient number of steps involved. I'm really doubting turning small 2 step problems into big 6 step problems is helping anyone. Not to mention the issues with adding long lists of numbers together with those methods. Nobody is questioning the basics of adding and the algorithm, you are....you brought it up on your last reply.... Again..you are reading something relating to the common core, that I am not even being taught at school. What 6 steps? the only steps taken into account is the steps that students might know, from their backgrounds. This is why it appears like it is "a lot", but in reality it really isn't. This is also the new view, in the common core, that looks at a child as not coming to the class as a blank state but knowing more than what you think they know. The old standards use to believe that children came to class as a blank and teachers had to teach them the information. That old teaching method has failed us for years, it has been failing us for a while now. This is why the common core was created. And it looks like it has created unknown fears with people who do not even have the slightest idea what they are or are even in an Education program. I do realize the worry, but this is just a new way to teach. Every 10-20 years we always change the standards and style of teaching, due to the change in population or new findings of the human mind and the way it learns. Realistically, there isn't a defense for changing stuff that basic aside from "it might help the student learn better." So I seriously hope this older stuff remains in the cirriculum somewhere this pretty much shows me that you have no idea what the common core really is...and been reading somebody's article that is against it. This person has probably never step foot in a class, does not know child development, and hasn't even been trained in an Education facility. The older stuff is there, nothing is being replaced in the curriculum... this is a worry that a lot of parents have. Common core is a mix of the old standards and update new findings from other parts of the world, relating to Education, and how those parts of the world taught children to teenagers to understand. That's what it is.... I do not know why people have to make it so complicated?? >< leave the complicated stuff and the teaching methods to us, the teachers. There is a reason why I have to deal with learning the common core, because I have to get good at them to be able to teach children/students well. 
 Last edited by Rgchrono; 04-02-2014 at 10:12 PM. 
 A4 veteran 2002, member # 88, back after a long hiatus. Got kicked out of a strip club due to tipping a stripper with a Filet-o-Fish.
 http://www.corestandards.org/Math/Co.../introduction/ Students use their understanding of addition to develop fluency with addition and subtraction within 100. They solve problems within 1000 by applying their understanding of models for addition and subtraction, and they develop, discuss, and use efficient, accurate, and generalizable methods to compute sums and differences of whole numbers in base-ten notation, using their understanding of place value and the properties of operations. They select and accurately apply methods that are appropriate for the context and the numbers involved to mentally calculate sums and differences for numbers with only tens or only hundreds. I focused in pretty heavily on a weird addition problem I found in the opening post (specifically problem 1, but realistically a few others I've seen around), suggested it was to get kids to mentally add by counting in tens, and low and behold here it is in the standards. It's really not that complicated to figure out the point of a problem like that. I'm just curious why people think it's valuable. Please do explain a bit more. It's something we've copied from what other countries are doing? Did they do well on the standardized tests we want to do better on? Edit: Also, if you're telling me the old stuff is in the curriculum I really can accept that. I understand. So I really want to understand what adding this sort of stuff to the standards piece does. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 04-02-2014 at 10:26 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by Tenken http://www.corestandards.org/Math/Co.../introduction/ I focused in pretty heavily on a weird addition problem I found in the opening post (specifically problem 1, but realistically a few others I've seen around), suggested it was to get kids to mentally add by counting in tens, and low and behold here it is in the standards. It's really not that complicated to figure out the point of a problem like that. I'm just curious why people think it's valuable. Please do explain a bit more. It's something we've copied from what other countries are doing? Did they do well on the standardized tests we want to do better on? The thing is, it is valuable when it shows the student the "how" and "why" something works in a math problem. That is the one important thing, and currently Education has failed a lot of students by not teaching them that. The how and why is found in the simple steps in basic math. If teachers miss any of those simple valuable steps, the student will not understand how to do a problem. I remember that division used to be hard for me, because I couldn't do my multiplication problems. NOW! I am seeing students who can not divide due to having problems adding and multiplying. It all matters. They blew us out of the water...that's how bad we are doing compare to China, Korea, Japan, and the Countries that we based our common core standards on Switzerland and Netherlands: both of these countries created their "common core" standards years ago, when they had the worse scores and their economy was going under. Their government made the decision to adapt their own common core standards and concentrate their efforts to teach their children, the result is being one of the top countries in English, Math, and Science scores. They all have been killing us bad, and currently hold the top 10 positions in the Education field in math, science and language arts. This is why the US decided to use Switzerland and Netherlands as examples, to help our own crumbling education system: by copying the teaching methods of a part of the world that dug itself out of a mass when it was, where we currently are. We are one of the worse countries in Education we are not even in the top 10! and we should be! We were just so ignorant to try anything new. In fact! as one of my professors said, we should've switched to the common core system as soon as The Netherlands switched to their own "common core": which they did back in the 70's. 
 Last edited by Rgchrono; 04-02-2014 at 10:43 PM. 
 A4 veteran 2002, member # 88, back after a long hiatus. Got kicked out of a strip club due to tipping a stripper with a Filet-o-Fish.
 Yeah, when I look at the common core standards, they read like strategic goals for a student at each grade level. The stuff that comes across as bizarre is all the arithmetic gymnastics introduced to the curriculum to reach some of those goals. The introduction of all these new techniques is what looks strange ultimately. But in the grand scheme of it, I can agree with having generic goals for students. I think as ThisGuy mentioned it gets really hard to develop appropriate tests for those goals, and even harder to assess the success of the program since if you expose students to what you test enough times you'll naturally get positive feedback and the program will look like more of a success for just this reason. Both of the concerns he shared of the program are very legitimate and haven't been addressed as far as I can tell. It's also of note that the some of the people who had a hand in developing the standards and curriculum get to push a new set of materials into schools. That's the very definition of a conflict of interest. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 04-04-2014 at 10:38 AM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
