http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159903-Stuff-non-anime-watchers-find-weird-even-though-its-now-just-second-nature-to-us
[Anime] Stuff non anime watchers find weird even though its now just second nature to us.
 That moment u show ur friend a sceen or an amv from an anime and he goes wtf is up with that pointing out something that u never really thought twice about. Ill start it off Flying talking animal side kicks, example; Happy from fairy tail 

 An entire organ system transplanted from a joint twin tumor thing into a doll which now lives. I think this is weird and I watch anime. 
  Spoiler 
 Pretty much show anything besides pokemon or dbz and they go crazy with everything is weird lol, so I can't really name just one thing they point out that I don't find weird. 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 A cute lovely girl went yandere with some killing spree (or maybe just violent fights), but still liked by most viewers. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by NessaPie23 Pretty much show anything besides pokemon or dbz and they go crazy with everything is weird lol, so I can't really name just one thing they point out that I don't find weird. we posted the same time 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by jugger we posted the same time Lol that's too funny we are time posting buddies now :P 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 When clothes start disappearing from characters in the middle of battle. Ya know the ecchi part. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Elfen Lied. Even I still find it weird sometimes. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 My band and I did a comedy sketch on Youtube that was a parody of the scene in Nichijou when Yukko stabs her thumb with the pencil and screams and fires a laser through the entire solar system. Our friends who like anime and have seen Nichijou thought it was great, but my friends and family who've never watched anime in their life were like 'what the hell were you thinking? How is that funny? No one would watch something like that, it's just stupid'... I don't see how a humorous overreaction to something is that freakish to non-anime watchers. Nichijou is pretty vanilla compared to a lot of anime humour 0_o 
 Tentacles. To love Ru and momo kyu sword come to mind. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I might just have weird friends, i showed them flcl and they thought they were following it just fine. I think the sarcasm failed on me. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 The look of anime characters i the most obvious one. Silly hairstyles and facial appearances. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 any kind of nudity i guess, even if it's only breasts 
 Virtually everything. The stiff, unnatural writing, the limited animation in dialogue scenes, the quality of the animation, the potentially silly plot, the overacting of Japanese voice actors or underacting of English (or other language) voice actors in dubs, unnecessarily confusing, silly, or attempts at pretentiousness in plots. Oh, and fanservice. There's a reason that the uninitiated perceive anime as little more than cartoon porn (usually with tentacles and school girls that are much too young), and things like ecchi being so relatively popular don't help alter that perception. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I would say the emoticons they use for the anime characters for sure. One of the panels I attended at an anime con was with Todd Haberkon and he was asking the audience what some of the expressions in anime meant. For example, when the character's angry or annoyed and it shows a hashtag(as he referred to it)on the character's temple. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Virtually everything. The stiff, unnatural writing, the limited animation in dialogue scenes, the quality of the animation, the potentially silly plot, the overacting of Japanese voice actors or underacting of English (or other language) voice actors in dubs, unnecessarily confusing, silly, or attempts at pretentiousness in plots. Oh, and fanservice. There's a reason that the uninitiated perceive anime as little more than cartoon porn (usually with tentacles and school girls that are much too young), and things like ecchi being so relatively popular don't help alter that perception. Eh? I'd say you got that back words on va. I usually can't stand an English dub. They are too over the top for my liking. Yeah I agree joanro that the emoticons would throw off the uninitiated. However if you've ever seen a loony tunes cartoon its not really any different then giant eyeballs popping out in surprise. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Eh? I'd say you got that back words on va. I usually can't stand an English dub. They are too over the top for my liking. Yeah I agree joanro that the emoticons would throw off the uninitiated. However if you've ever seen a loony tunes cartoon its not really any different then giant eyeballs popping out in surprise. Except the eyes don't always express a surprised emotion. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I'd say just the whole spectacle of the thing. It's style, it's character designs, it's story, etc etc 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Whenever characters are in the middle of a serious disagreement or fight they start doing something funny. This happens ALL THE TIME in Bleach, sometime in One Piece, and Hajime no Ippo. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by Struggler Virtually everything. The stiff, unnatural writing, the limited animation in dialogue scenes, the quality of the animation, the potentially silly plot, the overacting of Japanese voice actors or underacting of English (or other language) voice actors in dubs, unnecessarily confusing, silly, or attempts at pretentiousness in plots. Oh, and fanservice. There's a reason that the uninitiated perceive anime as little more than cartoon porn (usually with tentacles and school girls that are much too young), and things like ecchi being so relatively popular don't help alter that perception. Sometimes you write exactly what I'm thinking. I'll add "weirdly specific comedy tropes" to the mix. Most normal human beings don't know what a nosebleed in anime means. 
 Everything thats the monogatari series bake, nise, neko, tsuki, hana all 
 apparently a lot of animes i watch have a lot of "screaming at the top of their lungs" scenes. I always get hyped with them whether it is a fighting scene, crying scene, etc, but my friends think there's too much screaming in anime (voice acting i guess?) 

 Originally Posted by NessaPie23 Pretty much show anything besides pokemon or dbz and they go crazy with everything is weird lol, so I can't really name just one thing they point out that I don't find weird. Exactly sign, because as far as non-anime watchers are concerned, "all" anime is like Pokémon/dbz. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 I read a manga once where these popular girls were cutting open their stomachs to expose their intestines because, it was the cool thing to do and they were all trying to force one girl to do it to be like them and it was one of the most interesting messed up things I've seen in a long time. Shouldn't this be stuff even anime fans find weird though? Because, non anime fans find simple things like lolis and ecchi scenes weird. If a fan who is usually used to something finds a scene in anime or manga odd, it must be pretty odd. 
 Last edited by The King of Horror; 02-10-2015 at 10:55 PM. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 The stars around someone to indicate they are good looking, first time I saw that was like wtf lol... 
