http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138421-Osu!
 Osu!
 Alright I wanted to start a thread about Osu! for a while now, so here it is! What is Osu! Osu! is a rhythm game where you use your mouse and keyboards to hit circles appearing all over your screen. You use your mouse to pilot and your keyboard to hit the notes, its a pretty cool and easy concept. Osu! has a lot of music genres created by the community, its pretty appealing for almost everyone mostly people who like anime. Why should I play Osu? You should play Osu! because its fun, but not only that its also free! If you want to improve your overall skill in gaming then this game is perfect for you, it increases your reflex speed tremendously. Not only does it increase your skill in games greatly, its also a good time killer. The best of all is that you can play/pause/stop anytime you want! there is no one stopping you at all. The game itself has a lot of maps on all kinds of difficulties, you can play at any tempo you want. From easy to normal to insane maps. How do I install Osu! Its simple~! you got to http://osu.ppy.sh/ sign up, download the client and download a song pack for starters. Installing songs into your Osu! client is pretty simple, you put the songs you have downloaded into songs folder of where you installed your Osu! client. Sounds pretty easy! The concept is simple, but don't underestimate the difficulty of this game. If your life bar disappears you failed. Show me a Osu! video For this one I'll be using one of my own replays to show you how HARD Osu! can be, I've only been playing the game for a few months on/off. I still don't understand how to play Osu! please elaborate. The game consists out of 4 parts, notes, sliders, stacked notes and spinners. Lets start with notes, you hit notes by moving your mouse over them and hitting the Z button at the right time. The Z button is the default hit button, you can also use the X which is also a tap, combining the Z and X button makes it a lot easier to do hard maps. Second one is sliders, they are probably either the most annoying thing in the game or your best friend. Sliders are just like notes except that when you hit them you got to hold the tap button which is in this case Z, and move with them until they are finished. The third one spinners! they are huge circles that appear on your screen and you got to rotate your mouse as fast as you can to complete them! Fourth one stacked notes, these things are quite annoying and you will see them a lot at higher levels, they are single notes stacked on each other which means you have to double tap or triple tap depending on how many there are. Z + X are your best friends. I want to add a certain song to my Osu! how can I find it! You can find certain Beatmaps by going to the official Osu! site http://osu.ppy.sh/and try the Beatmap search bar. Woah! some maps are terrible why? As I said almost all Osu! maps are made by the community, some can be quite terrible made by first timers, others can be very good. I recommend looking at the Beatmap with the most plays. Osu! doesn't have my favourite song as a beatmap Then create it yourself~! there are tons of Osu! tutorials on YouTube on how to create a good Beatmap! its really simple! Can I play this game with my friends? You certainly can! there is a online option in Osu! where you can both join a game and play a certain Beatmap. Don't have the Beatmap? no worries, you can download it while in the lobby by just clicking two buttons in the Osu! lobby. Online features in Osu! You can add people to your friendlist, on the site manually by visiting their profile or just searching them in the client. By doing this you can chat with them and spectate them. This game is too frustrating I keep failing. There are certain mods in Osu! one of them is No Fail, if you put this on you can play through a map even if you have a empty life bar, I recommend this for starters or even for everyone, I also play with No Fail on most of the time. Do try this game out! its more fun than you think it is! 
 Last edited by Ta-Ka; 01-28-2014 at 11:57 AM. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
