http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159599-Homophobe-Overused
[General Discussion] Homophobe: Overused?
 When gays came onto the scene, so did a new word: homophobe. It's a person who hold negative views to homos. According to the Wiki, It can be based onantipathy, contempt, prejudice, aversion, or hatred, may be based on irrational fear, and is sometimes related to religious beliefs. However, these days, ANYONE who opposes LGBT for whatever reason is immediately branded a homophobe, and gets a crap-ton of hate. No questions, no exceptions, no debate I'm completely neutral on my stance for gay marriage. It's like people with fetishes. If you like that kind of stuff, then it's not my business. If it doesn't concern me then I don't care. I don't support it, but I'm not against it either. I just don't like seeing people attacked for expressing a valid opinion. Aren't opinions supposed to be respected? I mean, if you sound like a douche when you say it, you deserve the crap you're gonna get, but otherwise you don't deserve the hate you get. I've been on many an argument on this topic, and very very very few people keep it civilized. They fly into their butthurt rage, screaming homophobe. Ignorant bigot. yada yada............. I don't know if it's the Gay community itself or the supporters, but now it seems that they're just shoving their sexuality down our throats. Apparently, you're either for it or you're an ignorant homophobic bigot. They or their supporters, ask "What's wrong with being gay?" To that I respond "To a straight guy like me, there are multiple things wrong with it." It's not natural. It's not normal. Like I said, I'm neutral on my stance. People are so quick to scream "homophobe" it makes the gay community seem extremely hypocritical. Like I said, I don't know if it's the community itself or the supporters. They stress having an open mind, but are pretty closed minded themselves, or so they seem. People still have opinions All I hear is ignorant, Bigot, and Homophobe, and what I think is "intolerant" There ARE some homophobes out there. I'm not gonna deny that, but not everyone who opposes is a homophobe. That's the simple fact What are your thoughts on the term "homophobe"? Do you think it's overused? What are your thoughts on actual homophobes? I aim to keep a discussion like this civilized................ Lord knows it's very hard to do 
 Last edited by kylesar1; 01-04-2015 at 08:40 PM. 
