http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159607-2-quakes-with-more-than-a-dozen-aftershocks-strike-north-of-Los-Angeles
 2 quakes with more than a dozen aftershocks strike north of Los Angeles
 Two earthquakes, of 4.2 and 3.0 in magnitude, have occurred 80 kilometers to the north of Los Angeles, generating over a dozen aftershocks. The first tremor shook the area at about 7:00 pm local time on Saturday (3:00 am GMT on Sunday). It occurred 13 kilometers from the town of Castaic, and was reported to be a foreshock to the second tremor. It happened at 7:18 pm local time on Saturday (3:18 am GMT on Sunday), about 10 kilometers from the town of Castaic and 80 kilometers from Los Angeles, the US Geological Survey reported. Read more: http://rt.com/usa/219667-quake-la-tremor-california/ 
 That's horrible! I heard there are many earthquakes per year there. Is it possible Californian coast's going to break away hereafter? 
 Nk. Clearly. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I think its just a plot to promote the upcoming movie SAN ANDREAS 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 To our friends nearby the areas, Take care and god (or whatever) bless! 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 4.2 5.0+ earthquakes are pretty common in Los Angeles so I don't even understand why this baby earthquake is even news worthy. 
 Experienced a 3.2 typish Earthquake about 6-8 years ago. Basically the wall behind my tv started shaking for like 5 seconds and there was an almighty rumbling sound. After it stopped there was an unmistakable sound of sand settling like in an Indiana Jones And Temple Of Doom movie. Went outside and other people were gathering and after about 30mins when it was mentioned on radio/breaking news on 24 hr cable people went back to sleep. Seriously, it was pant shittingly scary fr the first 3 seconds. And I was watching Casino by the way. Joe Pesci had just stabbed someone with a pen. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 I think its just a plot to promote the upcoming movie SAN ANDREAS I hope so. I can't remember where I've read the article. As soon as I find it, I will post it in this thread. 
 California breaking off is geological prediction thousands or i think millions of years into the future lol. And many people live in all kinds of dangerous environments it never stopped anyone (ie japan). But these places have technology and infrastructure for it. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee 5.0+ earthquakes are pretty common in Los Angeles so I don't even understand why this baby earthquake is even news worthy. ^ This here. I live Northeast of Los Angeles, by about an hour and a half, and this didn't even make local cable news outlets. It's pretty much the norm. I guess it's plausible a Russian outlet would pick up such a non-story here in the States. Try back when it's in the 6.0+ territory, like the Northridge Earthquake was back in the early 1990s. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Originally Posted by Demon Eyes Kyō ^ This here. See I live Northeast of Los Angeles, by about an hour and a half, and this didn't even make local cable news outlets. It's pretty much the norm. I guess it's plausible a Russian outlet would pick up such a non-story here in the States. Try back when it's in the 6.0+ territory, like the Northridge Earthquake was back in the early 1990s. How large was the Napa quake that made the national us news the other month??? That had to be pretty significant for it to receive the attention it got. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee 5.0+ earthquakes are pretty common in Los Angeles so I don't even understand why this baby earthquake is even news worthy. I was just going to say this. These kinds of earth quakes are nothing in california and lower caliber ones happen what seems like every single day almost lol. California 0-2.0 - Never happened, 3.0-5.0...The ground shook I guess but, who...cares? (0)_(o) 6.0 - We had an earth quake but everyone is fine! 7.0 Serious **** shaken in here. 8.0+ - Terror, concern, finally worthy of something being on the news outside of the tiny community that was hit by the earthquake. Until it lands 8.0 +, no one outside of california should ever even have to hear about it because it doesn't matter. Basically, it's like hearing about snow in the north east.....who cares! 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 This is sad but isn't that area always hit by earthquakes, I hope they have a plan to reduce damages. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
