http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151295-Attack-on-Titan-OVA
 Attack on Titan OVA
 There is going to be a Shingeki no Kyojin ova starting December 9th. Just found out today super excited! Thought I would share just in case other people weren't aware. Have a wonderful day! 

 Wow! An Attack on Titan OVA? I struggle to think of some way that the OVA would be even more awesome than the series, but nothing comes to mind. 
 Originally Posted by Light Yagami Wow! An Attack on Titan OVA? I struggle to think of some way that the OVA would be even more awesome than the series, but nothing comes to mind. Did I miss use that term or somthing? 

 Do you mean a series 2? 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 OVA? Wait,wait,wait,wait! They ended the season? and they are making an OVA in December 9th? ....... The world has disappointed me once again. 

 http://myanimelist.net/anime/18397/S...Ilse_no_Techou Just gonna put that right there.... 
 I heard about it too. Can't wait for Before the Fall and Rivaille's past 
Answer my call, Dark Spear.
 *pours gasoline on self, sets alight and jumps out window screaming "this is going to be so awesome!"* 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 You're not going to live to watch the Attack on Titan OVA, Akio-chan... 
 
 Originally Posted by Just a dream OVA? Wait,wait,wait,wait! They ended the season? and they are making an OVA in December 9th? ....... The world has disappointed me once again. yes, the season ended. Have you been hiding under a rock>? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ You're not going to live to watch the Attack on Titan OVA, Akio-chan... Oh really, is that so? I hope you have a good explanation! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Because you were igniting yourself QQ You silly old man! 
 
 Yeah, out of excitement. Do not worry my chair is fire resistant... and akio resistant (i fell off when i went to start typing). I am going to watch it, i am going to enjoy it and there is nothing you can do about it! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
