http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159950-Steins-Gate-or-Cowboy-Bebop
[Anime] Steins Gate or Cowboy Bebop
 I got a 50$ amazon gift card and I'm torn between buying the Steins Gate complete series on BR/DVD or the Cowboy bebop series. I know little to nothing about both shows. Which one should I buy? Please no spoilers. 

 Wow you are comparing badass time traveling apples with badass space bountyhunter oranges. It's a hard choice. Personally I like Steins;gate and would get steins;gate. Cowboy bebop is a definite close second. I'm gonna go unpopular opinion penguin on you guys for a second, and say that I actually recommend you watch Steins;gate in dubbed (as well as subbed). I feel there is a certain element you gain from the dubbed S;G that you can't get from the subbed. So unless you enjoy wearing that eye patch and hook for a hand, the Steins;gate dvd should be bought. (That is assuming the DVD set includes dubbed, which is a pretty fair assumption.) Steins;gate is an amazing anime about time travel and basically the display of the butterfly effect. Things get very hectic when you start hitting the middle of the series. There is romance and action/thriller involved. And it will most likely rip your heart out and then after kicking it on the ground for a couple episodes it'll shove it back in and hope you recover. I love the main character, for his eccentric and theatrical personality. He almost reminds me of the Doctor. I'm sure you'll love him also. Cowboy bebop is a very action packed story. It's how you would imagine a series with the name "cowboy" in it. There is some comedy, action, and some pretty weird parts. But more importantly, a ton of badassery. It has less plot to it than S;G overall. But it has an amazing soundtrack, and the action scenes are really good. It's hard to explain a show that is about a group of bounty hunters in space with a corgi named Ein. It's a pretty lighthearted adventure show, with some elements of dark thriller. I can count on one hand how many times I've actually rewatched something. Out of the few series that I've considered rewatching, cowboy bebop is one of them. (and steins;gate) But for the love of anime and otaku's everywhere... Don't forget to buy you that cowboy bebop/steins;gate set next time you score a $50 giftcard... How do you even do that anyways? 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 I'm gonna be very straightforward: get Cowboy Bebop. It's one of those shows that I feel everyone has to have seen and it's a show that appeals to basically everyone. SG on the other hand does not have that broad an appeal and I consider it to be not as important. Both are pretty good though. Steins Gate is a smartly plotted and quite tense sci fi thriller series full of unexpected and shocking twists. However it's main cast is rather lacklustre as it consists of very bombastic characters of which only the three main leads get any real development. The first episode is awesome and really gets you pumped for the series. But then it's just left hanging there and for a whole eleven episodes reverts more to a generic harem comedy with a time travel twist thrown in. The second half of the show is much better though and definitely somehting that'll make your head spin with a very good finale. On the visual side Steins Gate is also pretty amazing though personally I was bothered with some of the character designs but that's just my own personal taste. Cowboy Bebop is a perfect blend of light hearted adventure and neo noir. It's a show about space bounty hunters. The main characters are interesting and well developed. Unlike with most shows they're not exactly the most moral sort and only really help people if they get paid for it. All of them have a troubled history that gets explored throughout the show. Though really the best thing about it is it's style. It's got this wonderfully noirish and melancholic style to it but can switch seamlessly to genuinely funny hijinks very quickly. And also quite amazingly: it's got a child character that's not annoying and actually quite hillarious! Also the action scenes in it are fantastic and it sports one of the best soundtracks ever. The only downside though is that it's mostly stand alone episodes and as a result it's overarching plot develops at a rather slow pace with a finale that's a little rushed. Still it's hugely enjoyable series. Also the CB movie is awesome and you seriosuly have to watch it once you're done with the show. So that's my recommendation. Get Cowboy Bebop now! Get Steins Gate some other time. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 I'd say Cowboy Bebop as a personal preference. But honestly both shows are pretty good. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Well... You see, Steins;Gate is my most favorite anime of all time... I would recommend getting Steins;Gate, (lol,) it's just, i don't know, it gives me the chills every time I watch it. (Just finished my seventh watch through, the first was six months ago.) If you want really fast action gun toting spacce cowboy badass; cowboy bebop. But, Stiens;Gate will always hold a special place in my heart. So, yeah, I would get Steins;Gate. (Did I mention the Blu Ray looks beautiful?) 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 I haven't watched Steins Gate yet but I really liked Cowboy Bebop. If you can't make up your mind from the comments here I would suggest you flip a coin. I don't think you'll lose either way. 

 @FinFan Love that last statement. Bebop is a classic, get on it. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Get bebop. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Cowboy Bebop is a classic and I can't recommend it highly enough. I have never shown it to anyone who didn't like it, even people who had never seen anime before. It's probably going to end up being remembered much like Akira was from the 80's. 
 I'd go with Cowboy Bebop too. Steins;Gate is quite good and I enjoyed it a lot. Cowboy Bebop might be one of the greatest anime of all time. I was going to post descriptions of each, but Kerberos nailed it. I'd say you can't miss between the two though. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Thanks for the help guys I ultimately went with Steins gate because it was on sale and I can get the Cowboy Bebop series at my local video store. I look forward to watching both shows 

 Yay! I won! Hope you enjoy steins;gate. Don't forget to watch it in dubbed. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
