http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154747-Spring-2014-Anime-List
 Spring 2014 Anime List
 Wow... so many great continuing seasons this spring like JoJo, Fairy Tail, Date A Live, Love live, and GJ-bu! Also some very interesting new series... Black Bullet, Akuma no Ridoru, and Hitsugi no Chaika top my list to look out for, though I'm looking forward to a lot of the others as well. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I'm looking forward to Date a Live II. But other than that none of them look appealing to me 

 Well I am looking forward to only 4 Mekaku City Actors, Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei, Dat a live ll, and Mangaka-san to assistant-san to. 
  Spoiler 
 The best Jojo arc, Knights of Sidonia which is one of my favorite Korean manwhas, and that new Gainax anime, Magica Wars might be good. Will also be checking out both Bones shows, Captain Earth and Kenzen Robo Daimidaler. Might also give the Shaft show Mekaku City Actors a shot, since I dig vocaloid crap. I remember trying to read Akuma no Riddle a while ago as well as Brynhildr in the Darkness, but couldn't really get into either of them. The former just felt too confusing and the latter reminded me a lot of Elfen Lied, except with a harem. Madhouse's show could be good, Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei, but the premise really isn't doing much for me. No Game No Life sounds pretty dumb. Black Bullet sounds real dumb. 

 MEKAKU CITY ACTORS OMG! I've been waiting so long for this, cant wait its finally being made *cries tears of joy* SHINTAROU IS FINALLY BEING ANIMATED. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I will watch all of themexcept a few, because i am an otaku and like to keep myself in the loop! 

 This is coming up soon, in just a few weeks! I'm most excited for the return of Fairy Tail, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, and Date A Live! <3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Knights of Sidonia sounds pretty damn interesting. Will definitely give it a shot. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by Strikercups I'm looking forward to Date a Live II. But other than that none of them look appealing to me Same here for date a live 2. Don't know about the others yet. Sent from my Prism II using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I think that chart is outdated now - there's a couple of things missing from it compared to the anichart version. JoJo and Masaaki Yuasa's new show, Ping Pong, are the only definites for me at the moment, but I'll likely have a look at Knights of Sidonia as well. Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Knights of Sidonia which is one of my favorite Korean manwhas Are you sure that's a manwha? Both wiki and ANN have it as a Japanese seinen title. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 I'm looking forward to Knights of Sidonia. The rest of the list is kind of... meh to me. What is crazy to me, which I guess I never took notice of this... but Netflix is going to localize it and air it during the Summer. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I'm going to say "nothing looks appealing to me" but I know I am going to be talking about 75% of the shows in the Spring haha. Date a Live is really the only one I am looking forward too. 

