http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140454-HTPC-Hybrid-or-Gaming-PC
 HTPC Hybrid or Gaming PC ?
 I choose HTPC hybrid how about u ? 
 If you plan to game then an HTPC will fail you 
 Russia has smartphones too, i really would like them to buy but they only exist in russia as of now but there is a new smartphone coming out in the west its from russia. Its very innovative 
 Soyuza its about HTPC, Home Theater Personal Computer, not HTC 
 i guess a hybrid computar because it can do multiple things i dont know if a gaming computar can do more than just game because i dont know anything really about computers so dont know everything these computars can even do the hybrid computer sounds cooler and sounds like it does more. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 HTPC is not a Hybrid it is a PC specialized for use in a Home Theater setup or to be more clear one designed to run kind of like your XBOX or Playstation. However you sacrifice a lot in terms of performance to get the compact design and most all the other HTPC specific features are available on a gaming rig. It is an incredibly stupid thought that you can't do something with a gaming PC that you can do with these others. The simple fact is a gaming PC is one of the most advanced computer systems you will find outside of servers and such which are often specialized in specific ways and not capable of gaming due to these specializations but also cost beyond your typical budget. 
 oh thanks for the lesson on techknoligy i guess since you explained it the gaming computar sounds better even though it cost a lot of money. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Often due to the specialized nature of an HTPC it can cost significantly more than a non HTPC system of equal power and preformance though typically less than an HTPC and it is possible to build a gaming rig into an HTPCjust as before many additional costs and more work involved. Rarely can you get the same level of preformance from a Gaming HTPC as you can from a straight Gaming PC. 
 I am actually looking to buy a HTPC or HTPC like device. It is for my parents. They are going to use Hulu and Netflix on it. I'd be nice if I could find something that is not too expensive (no more than $150) and has a VERY easy to use interface. I already found one that look kinda good. Called a Roku Box. It looks like it would do the job for my parents, but if there is something else out there that is better, I'd like to see it before I purchase this. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 What all would they be doing because for just Hulu and Netflix the Roku and other similar devices are the best options. 
 Hulu and Netflix is all they will be doing, but if there isn't anything better than the Roku, then I'll just get that. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 There are a handful of options not sure if all support both those services and they from my knowledge of them seem to all preform about the same. 
 Gaming PC has badass specs - pricer, but if it can handle the weight of games, CPU use - obviously it can handle the everyday internet browsing and so forth. Well. thats the experience I have 
 
