http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155750-I-have-a-1-by-my-profile-indicator-but-I-have-no-new-private-messages-what-gives
[In Review] I have a 1 by my profile indicator but I have no new private messages, what gives?
 As the title suggests i have the number 1 by my profile tab but I don't have any new private messages left to read. Is this just a glitch maybe? 
 Have you clicked on the notification? Do that and it should take you to whatever the site is notifying you about. You get notified for Visitor Messages(messages left on your profile) as well. 
 Originally Posted by poenuh You get notified for Visitor Messages(messages left on your profile) as well. That's what it was! Thanks. The only other forum I have belonged to only has private messages. Not visitor messages. I learned something new. 
 Good. You're welcome. Yeah some forums don't have elaborate profile pages like A4 so they might not have features like that. 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 As the title suggests i have the number 1 by my profile tab but I don't have any new private messages left to read. Is this just a glitch maybe? yeah, like said before. IT means you got something written on your wall on yo profile yo. Check it. Word. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox IT means you got something written on your wall on yo profile yo. Check it. Word. Are you trying to appeal to the youngsters? 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 The notification system on vBulletin isn't well built. I couldn't get it to do more than what it does now without some major hackery. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I think its great the way it is. I had a forum of my own for a short time and I know the difficulty behind maintaining one. Sent from my Eclipse-X using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
