http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?105255-Windows-7-Early-Reflections-and-Experiences
 Windows 7 - Early Reflections and Experiences
 That's unfortunate Kou ;-; I'll list my Win7 issues, rather than giving it a blowjob like I usually do. --- To note, I've never had a single issue with Windows 7 on my desktop, but, I am currently using the laptop which does have issues. 1) Wireless - I have a rather different issue with my Wireless on the RC1, and that is that my fairly typical Wireless adapter doesn't work unless I uninstall it and let Windows re-discover it every time I boot up. I've moved onto using a wireless dongle out of frustration. 2) Drivers for x64 - While 90% of my hardware worked out of the box, I spent a long time trying to find drivers for my touchpads custom functions, and the extra buttons on my laptop, and in particular - the webcam. I eventually found most of them, but my touchpad is crippled :\ --- Now for the good, since I can't resist giving my OS a virtual blowjob every 5 minutes; - Not a single BSOD on my systems (One laptop, one desktop. Dual/Quad core. Dual channel RAM (3/4GB), one has 5HDDs including a RAID, SLI, and I regularly leave them both on all day and night). - No random crashing or apps dying on me. - My battery life has honestly increased by 50%. I'm not even buying into the hype. I noticed it before anyone said anything. 1.5 hours instead of 1 is awesome. (Stupid entertainment laptop >.>) - Does run faster and more efficiently. And, Kou, while my systems aren't identical to yours, mine are built for gaming, and, I did notice the improvements very fast. Also, you may not be able to upgrade directly from V -> 7, but, if customisation, particularly of applications, is an issue for any Vista user, I just copied my AppData folder, and various application folders and commondata folders out, then later copied them back on 7. And, unsuprisingly, my apps started with identical settings to before. No need to even piss in the registry. Worked with a whole bunch of common apps. Not iTunes though, since iTunes is a pile of bloated fail that uses the registry far too much. I'll be honest, I can hardly find a reason personally to dislike the most stable, easy to use, prettiest, efficient Windows system I've ever touched. **** Vista, XP and previous. And, screw Ubuntu too, since that pile of wank can't even begin to use my wireless adapters, let alone have an annoying repetitive fix. As for Macs, someone will have to pay me to use one, since I honestly can't afford it. 
Thanks for the avatar Amoo :3
