http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 A light buzzing in one of her pockets interjected itself into Mana's relaxation. She knew what it was, and knew she would have to respond to it, and yet was hesitant to do so. The time she'd had here was so brief, but she didn't have a choice in the matter. Not really. Reaching into her pocket Mana fished out a small cell phone, it only had one use. To relay orders from the organisation to her, or rarely information between herself and her sisters. Looking at the small screen Mana frowned at what she saw. "Omega, make an immediate return to location D4. ID: umbra" The message itself was short and to the point, and contained almost no information to those who didn't know how the organisation operated. Omega indicated the message was for her, location D4 was the safe house closest to her location and ID: umbra indicated it was a mission that would not necessarily require her to kill. If the ID had been "vermiculus" it was an assassination, and "vigil" was a call to defend against a direct attack on the organisation. If Mana had to guess an ID: umbra was most likely going to be an investigation or going to intimidate someone who might be looking a little too closely into things than the organisation would like. Jobs they usually had guys for, but if they were directing it to Mana or one of her sisters then it would have to be a situation where there was a threat to the life of the one sent to deal with it. As such they would send one of the series as they were seen as expendable assets compared to a human life. With a sigh Mana stood up from the table she had occupied. She would be off to location D4, where she would be once again sent out into the line of fire. *** Within one of the organisations safe houses Mana now sat in a sterile looking white room containing a steel table and two chairs oppisite one another which she now sat at. To her left was a row of lockers, three were named; Alpha, Ro and Omega in that order. The others left blank. Mana knew what was within each of the lockers, the ones that were named contained specialized battle regalia for each of the series. The unmarked lockers contained various weapons and equipment. Behind her was a single steel door through which Mana had entered the room. She had been waiting about five minutes which was pretty much standard, she was waiting for the assigned Habena. Habena were basically handlers for Mana and her sisters. They typically wore concealing white robes and hood with a curved plate of mirrored glass covering their entire face. It was clothing intended to be impersonal as possible. Mana heard the metallic click of the door opening behind her and the rustling of fabric as the Habena moved around her and sat on the chair across. "Omega," The Habena said its voice neither male nor female and heavily accented by the robotic tone of voice modulation. "Recently about a billion units were stolen from Varrion. While ordinarily it wouldn't concern us, A certain individual has made us an offer we would be hard pressed to refuse. Our reports say it was supposedly a single individual that pulled the heist. Of course this would point to the acts of an inhuman individual. Specifically one who goes by the alias Silent Knight." The Habena pulled a number of documents from within it's robes and placed them on the table. They contained information on both Varrion and this Silent Knight person. Detailing his physical appearance as well as supporting photographs, and a number of suspected locations he could be hiding out, but nothing concrete. "This time, your mission is not to eliminate. But rather to pacify. You have been tasked with taking this Silent Knight into your custody and handing him over to the organisation." The Habena stood up and waled to ward the door, "We suggest this be a plain clothes operation Omega, too much attention may be garnered through use of combat regalia in this instance than it is worth. Good hunting Omega, the operation begins immediately." With that the door behind her closed and the Habena was gone. Mana stood up from her seat, and walked over to the lockers. Ignoring the locker with her name on it this time, Mana instead opened one of the unmarked lockers. inside was an assortment of blades ranging in size and shape. Mana pulled out a straight blade about 2 and a half hands in length. Closing the locker she moved to another a few lockers down. Inside her small fire arms, all coming under the category or pistols. Settling on a semi-automatic 9mm, and a single clip of 12 ordinary rounds. Strapping the blade to her back so that it would be concealed under a jacket, and the gun close to her chest, Mana closed the locker and ignored the rest. She left the safe house quietly unnoticed by the general public, now she had to track down this Silent Knight. 
