http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140815-Shingeki-no-Kyojin-(Attack-on-Titan)/page14
[Action] Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack on Titan) - Page 14
 Such a sad episode... T_T 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This show is so cruel, but I love it. You just never know what will happen or who they'll kill off next. yeah, kiddo, it's not ending there. Knowing this show, it's totally going to leave off on one big annoying cliffhanger that'll leave us wanting more . No wrap-ups. Now that you said that: I HOPE IT DOES! XD 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 You guys should be happy that they are dragging the plot. That shows they want to stay with the storyline and come out with a Season 2. Not effing up the anime series by shifting away from the manga. I HATE THAT!! 
 
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple This show is so cruel, but I love it. You just never know what will happen or who they'll kill off next. It's way way to cruel. SPECIALLY PETRA!
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 No care for Armin, if they kill Mikasa or Levi and leave humanity to rot, I'M DONE! 
 
 Well i'm reading the manga as well. Some crazy **** is going down there too lol. 

 I thought the coolest part was Levi's reaction to the whole thing. Looked as though he was cracking under the emotional turmoil around him. Shows he is still human, which I respect...Fav character for sure. Then theres Elwin who is not human and has no emotions.....crazy mofo. This show rocks 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Originally Posted by blacklegluffy I thought the coolest part was Levi's reaction to the whole thing. Looked as though he was cracking under the emotional turmoil around him. Shows he is still human, which I respect...Fav character for sure. Then theres Elwin who is not human and has no emotions.....crazy mofo. This show rocks I agree somewhat, but the name is Erwin. The fan-lations are pretty much unanimous there. 

 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos I agree somewhat, but the name is Erwin. The fan-lations are pretty much unanimous there. My bad, the english translation always changes depending on the feed I watch and I get confused. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 I love the whole plot of the Anime. One of the best one in centuries. I've been waiting for episode 23! can't wait, manga readers, no spoilers. 
"It's my choice to follow you forever." 
 At first, I was a little hesitant to give this a try, but I'm so glad I did. It's definitely one of the best,(if not, the best), anime I've seen in years. I love the way the story is progressing and the pacing. Not to mention a lot of amazing characters as well. I wouldn't mind reading the manga, but I'd rather see the visuals when it comes to this. There is so much more I can say about this anime, but I'm sure it's already been said so I'll leave it at that. 
 New favorite fan video: 

 That was a strange thing to say, wasn't it? 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 So basically all the retards who thought the female titan wasn't Annie have finally been proven wrong. Which is great. Either way this is the first episode I've actually enjoyed in the last 5 or so episodes. 
 Finally, Talk about taking ages to do reveal who it was, even if it was sort of obvious the whole time. Let the fun begin! 

 Oh yeah I forgot to add; I like how Annie decided to craft a ring with a needle in it so she can just pop it out and become a titan. 
 Originally Posted by Protoss So basically all the retards who thought the female titan wasn't Annie have finally been proven wrong. Which is great. Either way this is the first episode I've actually enjoyed in the last 5 or so episodes. Well, you don't have to ****ing brag about it. Like Armin, I didn't want to believe that it was her. Refusing to believe that it wasn't her doesn't make me a retard. Anyway, great episode. All that tension in one episode. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Alter DRexz Well, you don't have to ****ing brag about it.  Spoiler Huehue, anyway I came back for an idea. Probably not the case, but still an idea for the ending. Basically that really chill bald general dude from earlier was so happy with Eren and the idea of him being a titan because that very bald dude is the colossal titan, and he essentially leads a group of people who already know how to become titans and they do whatever. Like I said, highly unlikely but its an idea as to how they could end on 25 episodes and bleh. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 09-19-2013 at 09:09 AM. Reason: You've read the manga. Stop fkn spoiling the show 
  Spoiler I want to say Annie dies for the ending, but in all honesty I reckon they'll actually capture her alive or something...even though I want her dead after what she done to Petra 

 Took their sweet time to reveal it but nevertheless there's only two words I can think of after watching the last few minutes of this episode. Holy. ****. 
 
 Originally Posted by Alter DRexz Well, you don't have to ****ing brag about it. Like Armin, I didn't want to believe that it was her. Refusing to believe that it wasn't her doesn't make me a retard. Or does it just mean that Armin was a retard too, and Eren even more of one? lol. I think Mikasa was a little fed up with Eren's insistence. She just wanted to have at Annie and tear her apart! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Welp. Annie was prepared ._. That ring. AoT, WHY YOU NO LET HUMANITY WIN? 
 
 

 Nice video! :3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I thiought it was interesting how Annie's voice got very high pitched and girly after Armin and Eren told her they knew. it was like the cold, manly Annie was just an act and she is actually this girly person. just thought that was interesting 
[IMG][/IMG]
