http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?147886-Google-bans-Porn-on-Google-Glass
 Google bans Porn on Google Glass
 http://www.cnn.com/2013/06/03/tech/m...ass/index.html (CNN) -- On Monday morning, the first porn app for Google Glass was announced. A few hours later, Google officially banned sexually explicit material on the futuristic eyewear. The pornographic app for Glass was released by MiKandi, an adult app store that has a successful Android app store for adult apps. Using the application, Google Glass wearers could look at photos and watch videos filmed using Google Glass. The company wanted to expand from first-person point of view videos to one-on-one interactions between adults who both have Glass. Well I think it is a good move from them. We have too many ways to be looking at that stuff anyway lol. So what do you all think about that Google glasses ( in addition to this bit of news) anyway? I am not too trilled about it. Like smart phones its another way for corporations to track and monitor your privet life IMO and well. Having to look in that upper left screen to see that tiny little picture where the internet is. I am still not too sure how that is ever suppose to work well since only a small portion of the glasses is the actual screen from what I heard. Basically I am not sold on these at all. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Google just saved the world from some very awkward moments from perverts in public places. 

 They can just pull out their phone to get themselves off. This changes nothing. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by The Archangel They can just pull out their phone to get themselves off. This changes nothing. But with google glass you have to say voice commands to navigate the app. So some one would have to say out loud "ok glass search for (insert porn search words here) and that would just make everything become weird... 

 LUL What? I just imagined someone sitting in a quite but crowed cafe and than saying. OK Google Glass. Search Google for Bestiality Videos! ....Everyone turns and looks. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 @Seegggaaaa: Right. However my point was, porn is discreetly accessible on most other portable devices so this news really does not change the convenient method that was in use in the first place. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Thats good that they banned that. Also, I don't like the idea of google glass being able to take pictures... Can it take videos too? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I'm against the banning of nudity in any form. I think sex shouldn't be taboo and we're all retarded. However, it makes sense why they banned it. With the whole voice command 'n' all. Just imagine some dude on a bus or train or something and just yelling out some really, reaaaally odd fetish of his, probably wouldn't end up too well. So yeah, it's good they banned it. 
 Originally Posted by Chunibyou I'm against the banning of nudity in any form. I think sex shouldn't be taboo and we're all retarded. However, it makes sense why they banned it. With the whole voice command 'n' all. Just imagine some dude on a bus or train or something and just yelling out some really, reaaaally odd fetish of his, probably wouldn't end up too well. So yeah, it's good they banned it. New youtube series. Public react to Google glasser. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 It's just porn. If people want to watch porn in public, they don't need stupid futuristic glasses to do so. I could go sit out on the curb with my laptop right now and--you get the drift. These glasses seem like a bad idea anyways. 
 Did no one but Sony learn from Betamax? 
 Originally Posted by Pured New youtube series. Public react to Google glasser. That...would...be...amazing... 
 Originally Posted by KDsawa It's just porn. Reminds me of that time that woman was watching a guy watch porn on the plane and then she complained about it, and got shut the **** down. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox LUL What? I just imagined someone sitting in a quite but crowed cafe and than saying. OK Google Glass. Search Google for Bestiality Videos! ....Everyone turns and looks. Ok Google Glass Lookup "HardCore Dog on woman while going down on guy, while being pissed on by cats." Imagine them thoughts. 
 Originally Posted by The Archangel They can just pull out their phone to get themselves off. This changes nothing. this. it's interesting public reactions to porn. When I was doing my undergrad there was some debate over whether or not the school library should be redone to maximize privacy at computer terminals should a user want to view porn. when pursuing post graduate studies, there were signs in every computer lab and library that said porn was offensive material. the app for this particular device actually makes viewing porn in public more private. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chunibyou That...would...be...amazing... Fact: This is a good idea because men jacking off while porn happen in their eyes. They can't handle that **** 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 Originally Posted by The Archangel They can just pull out their phone to get themselves off. This changes nothing. You mean getting off in public?? lol 
 Originally Posted by ナツキ You mean getting off in public?? lol Ever rode a public bus in the city? That ****'s normal. 
 Google glasses won't be able to access porn? So what you're saying is Google glasses won't be able to access the internet. 
 Since people can access porn any way, this shouldn't be such a big deal. I doubt people are going to go replacing their laptops and phones with the glasses either, so they still do whatever :/ But I see a lot more people might be interested in this without porn on it. 
 Icon @dynamic juiced
 This device seems more like an everyday tool to be utilized rather than a multimedia outlet to me anyways... 

 The only bad thing about this device is it can't record on command 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 If you can access the internet then you can access porn. Banning an app isn't gonna do anything as people can still browse the net for porn. All Google is doing is preventing their own app store from being liable for porn related material. Besides, porn is viewed anywhere these days. At work places, pubs, clubs, school ad unis, out with friends. I've even seen people looking at porn while at restaurants. So really it's not changing much if this app is banned. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 I guess no one wants people walking around watching porn on their glasses 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Google banned porn? They just saved the world. 

