http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151250-Naruto-649
 Naruto: 649
 Naruto Chapter 649 : The Will Of Shinobi To be honest it was a pretty lame chapter of flashbacks but at least that final note on the page said that next week something will happen with naruto and sasuke It was expected that shikamaru would become and advisor for naruto since long ago so no shock there. Kiba also claiming the title makes me laugh as kiba is always just running his mouth for no reason trying to be something he is not. I hope he never becomes and advisor at all because he is not really that type, Kiba is a pawn/soldier no more. My three picks for advisors would be Shikamaru, Kakashi and Sakura ( yes i know she is a waste but only other pick out of the k11 plus she is an always improving med ninja so cant go wrong having one around lol 
 What was bad about this chapter 4. Shikamaru confirming he will never be more than an advisor 3. Kage lamely calling their troops to battle 2. Naruto's will unconsciously creating chakra 1. Close up of no name ninja powering up for battle Good about this chapter Tsunade patting them on the head for surviving this long Seeing Kakashi almost ready for battle 
 I don't know why but I don't like the way Kishi draws the chakra around those characters. They look like they're surrounded by some kind of goo... solid, hardened goo. The only things I like about this chapter is Shikamaru being healed and Lee's team getting a panel. I'm also wondering how Ino's jutsu actually works. If everyone can hear each other's thoughts, wouldn't that be a bit uncomfortable? Lol... 

 Originally Posted by KanataiRose What was bad about this chapter 4. Shikamaru confirming he will never be more than an advisor 3. Kage lamely calling their troops to battle 2. Naruto's will unconsciously creating chakra 1. Close up of no name ninja powering up for battle Good about this chapter Tsunade patting them on the head for surviving this long Seeing Kakashi almost ready for battle Well i always knew shikamaru would never be more then that even tho i find it weird its the most powerful shinobi as the kage instead of the one best suited for the job epic kages would have been: kakashi, shikamaru, shukaku ( i think i shis dads name ) Those shinobi are smart, strategic, caring and honerable men and would have made excellent kage also hiruzen and minato were good choices and hashi was good but only cuz he was so good hearted and powerful so no one could do crap against him if he were average power he would not have been a threat in anyway and would have got rolled on but it is what is is a naruto will be a good kage as long as shikimaru handles all the strategy and paperwork 
 Originally Posted by KanataiRose What was bad about this chapter 1. Close up of no name ninja powering up for battle i was actually really confused by this as well.... i stared at them for a minute thinking i should know them, but realized they were non-factors 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Originally Posted by blacklegluffy i was actually really confused by this as well.... i stared at them for a minute thinking i should know them, but realized they were non-factors ya kishi has def ran his manga into the ground lately just a bunch of pointless crap half the time in the middle of a war scene 
 Originally Posted by Zenex ya kishi has def ran his manga into the ground lately just a bunch of pointless crap half the time in the middle of a war scene i agree, i feel he could have written the war differently. it seems slow at points and rushed at others. too much heart felt stuff going in my opinion. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Who else thinks that Ino is a far better ninja and a lot more relevant than Sakura? Anyone? I sure do. Plus she as a human being is a much better person than her too lol. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Who else thinks that Ino is a far better ninja and a lot more relevant than Sakura? Anyone? I sure do. Plus she as a human being is a much better person than her too lol. ya i agree man kishi pisses me off so much im really just watching to finish this horrible series at this point u mean i find some of it entertaining and relevant but most of it is just crap now the juubi is a tree.....a tree for f sakes sakura at the start was said to have the best chakra control and an affinity for genjutsu then at the end of the series she has nothing her med jutsu is less then tsunade whos jutsu is way way way less then hashi even tho she is a senju specializing in med jutsu. she has not one genjutsu. she has not one nature affinity. she has jack noting and then kishi throws her in the mix with naruto and sasuke like i wont be left behind im a sannin student to and then she disapears and does nothing again everyone has sage mode minato has the bijuu mode tsunade lived through being cut in half for what seemed like days haha and what is even sadder is i could go on for days oh and yes ino is much better and more relevant that sakura 
 Originally Posted by KanataiRose What was bad about this chapter 4. Shikamaru confirming he will never be more than an advisor 3. Kage lamely calling their troops to battle 2. Naruto's will unconsciously creating chakra 1. Close up of no name ninja powering up for battle Good about this chapter Tsunade patting them on the head for surviving this long Seeing Kakashi almost ready for battle Shikamaru is the new Tobirama. That is what Kishi is telling you. That is a hell of a lot more than just an advisor. It means he is Kage worthy. He will be the number two guy in the village and could take over if something happened to Naruto. Just like Tobirama did. It makes Shikamaru one of the strongest characters in the future. With Neji dead, he is now the best K11 outside of Naruto and Sasuke. Originally Posted by Zenex Kiba also claiming the title makes me laugh as kiba is always just running his mouth for no reason trying to be something he is not. I hope he never becomes and advisor at all because he is not really that type, Kiba is a pawn/soldier no more. Where did you read that? Kiba said that Shikamaru could be HIS advisor when Kiba became Hokage. Kiba's dream is to be Hokage. Even though Tenten is more Hokage worthy. 
 I mean Ino never really did need sage or any summoning. We can see now she has that awesome mind jutsu thing. Connecting everyones mines together like its the mother freaking internet lol. Plus domination and scry techniques. I mean what makes me most hateful of Sakura is this. Sakura was a loser child. Ino took her under her wing and became Sakuras first friend and protected her, encouraged her and showed her compassion. When the whole initial sasuke thing happened. It was Sakura who ended their friendship after all Ino had done for her. Sakura is a pathetic, Petty, weak minded fool. She tried to betray the Leaf and leave with Sasuke. When it became apparent that Sasuke was evil and a rogue Ino dropped liking him right than and there. Sakura on the other hand kept trying to chase after him like a retard. Sakura even attacked her own friends and play with Naruto's feelings for her in order to get to Sasuke. Would Ino had done that? **** NO! Sakura is the single most irrelavant, weakest, most petty, Shallow, Self Centered, Ignorant, Bull headed female ninja in the history of anime and is not deserving of friends like Ino lol. Whom sure....she is still a minor character and is getting a few spots of well deserved spotlight with her team mates. But are still far more interesting and developed than Sakura. DAMN I hate Sakura so much. She deserves to die at the end of the manga. Or maybe better yet, The end few chapters we find out that Sakura was a figment of Naruto's imagination because of how "girl lonely" he has always been but when he discovers that all he needs is Hinata Sakura vanishes forever lol. ya...something stupid like that. Sakura never existed at all. lol 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 This chapter really touched me though 
 Originally Posted by Dawes Shikamaru is the new Tobirama. That is what Kishi is telling you. That is a hell of a lot more than just an advisor. It means he is Kage worthy. He will be the number two guy in the village and could take over if something happened to Naruto. Just like Tobirama did. It makes Shikamaru one of the strongest characters in the future. With Neji dead, he is now the best K11 outside of Naruto and Sasuke. Where did you read that? Kiba said that Shikamaru could be HIS advisor when Kiba became Hokage. Kiba's dream is to be Hokage. Even though Tenten is more Hokage worthy. oh your right i read it wrong i thought he was flip flooping and tbh i never liked kiba 
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Or maybe better yet, The end few chapters we find out that Sakura was a figment of Naruto's imagination because of how "girl lonely" he has always been but when he discovers that all he needs is Hinata Sakura vanishes forever lol. Sakura never existed at all. lol That would be a really awesome twist ending. I couldn't help but to snort at those nameless shinobis. Really, they're taking out their kunai and shuriken? Are they seriously planning on using those tools on the battlefield? Because I don't think those things would work against that giant tree. They need to have exaggerated jutsus like the ones Naruto and Sasuke have. On a second thought, maybe Naruto's feelings would reach their weapons and his boiling chakra would make them much more powerful. Lol I don't know what to expect anymore. 

 Originally Posted by Raffee maybe Naruto's feelings would reach their weapons and his boiling chakra would make them much more powerful. Kishi: Brilliant! Now I can finish writing and everyone will have a happy ending 
 Originally Posted by Zenex ya i agree man kishi pisses me off so much im really just watching to finish this horrible series at this point u mean i find some of it entertaining and relevant but most of it is just crap now the juubi is a tree.....a tree for f sakes sakura at the start was said to have the best chakra control and an affinity for genjutsu then at the end of the series she has nothing her med jutsu is less then tsunade whos jutsu is way way way less then hashi even tho she is a senju specializing in med jutsu. she has not one genjutsu. she has not one nature affinity. she has jack noting and then kishi throws her in the mix with naruto and sasuke like i wont be left behind im a sannin student to and then she disapears and does nothing again Ya Sakura is so frustrating. She had so much potential (supposedly) in the beginning and she pretty much ****s everything up. The only arc she showed her abilities was against Sasori ... and apparently she was keeping everyone alive with her healing jutsu, something Shizune couldn't even do. Maybe its because Sakura is a healer, not a Rouge or Warrior, that she seems useless. If we actually took her out of the picture would there be tons of dead/wounded ninja.. the war would be over? Still, you are right that in comparison to Sasuke and Naruto, she does disappear completely... she is just one of the stupid ninja on the battlefield holding Kunai and waiting for Naruto to win the war. I just wish she had more influence over the story. She could have been bad ass but holy ****, just give her a pat on the head and send her to her room Tsunade. We don't need you Sakura. 
 i cant help but think everyone looks like a bunny with naruto's chakra around them. im glad shikimaru want to become an advisor. he is too lazy and not strong enough to be the hokage. kiba should die for sure though, this chapter almost reminded me of the chapter where everyone said they wanted to become hokage. what happened? Naruto's advisors will probably be sasuke, sakura, shikimaru. 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Best thing about this chapter was seeing Kakashi getting ready to return to the battlefield. Kakashi would make a great advisor for Naruto. He was his teacher after all, but since Shikamaru called dibs it'll most likely be him. I believe Naruto and Sasuke will have that 1st Hokage/Madara friendship going on when this is all over. That is, if they survive. 
 Sakura: I popped my Chakra cherry and now with all this Chakra I am gonna heal a few people and punch this one thing and stand as an EQUAL to my former team mates and.... 3 seconds later: Sakura: I give up, everyone else can do the work for me. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Sakura: I popped my Chakra cherry and now with all this Chakra I am gonna heal a few people and punch this one thing and stand as an EQUAL to my former team mates and.... 3 seconds later: Sakura: I give up, everyone else can do the work for me. Hahaha even on that past chapter where she appeared a wee bit useful, she still needed to get her ass saved by her teammates. How could she have even considered herself as an equal. I remember I was beginning to like Sakura during the beginning of Shippuden when she showcased her awesome new punching ability, but after that everything just went downhill and she ended up reverting to her old puny self again like in the first Naruto season. *sighs* All those years of training with the Sannin/current Hokage did nothing to her. 

