http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159508-A-reason-I-think-us-Otakus-are-not-understood-by-our-parents-and-a-bunch-of-selfhelp
 A reason I think us Otakus are not understood by our parents, and a bunch of selfhelp
 We all have a little otaku inside us, right? You ever hear that calling that you want to go back home and want to stay home because you feel somewhat or highly irritated or can't even enjoy amusement parks? Prepare for some extremely helpful self-help techniques, even those that defy what we currently know: Table of Contents: Section 1: One of the Important Reasons Why You Should Have Pride as an Otaku Side Content 1: On the "Under-estimation" of Fiber Side Content 2: Why Sugar isn't normally bad but "artificial" sugar is Self Help Technique: Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT) Section 1: One of the Important Reasons Why You Should Have Pride as an Otaku Well, that's because, for people like us otakus, we have a generalization of a personality trait called "Introversion." This inner otaku within us is even more trained and ingrained within us because we learned to evolve and process more information thanks to constant "education." We are bombarded with so much education, so much in the wrong way that some/most parents just tell you that "education is a good thing" that you don't think about how the brain works and grows in such a specialized, truly gifted way. As we grow up, we are trained to use the neocortex more often, which, according to this discussion about those with particular interests in the same category: It is actually normal to have an otaku within us. The guy is really funny, he is also an introvert, and he explains that all introverts shouldn't be classified as just "introvert" and that those kinds of people are actually "not depressed." But don't get the adults wrong. They're not all bad. It's thanks to some of them or whoever that I've been able to doubt the methods of dealing with problems today and I got lucky because all these bad things happening to me turned out to be good in the end. But take pride in being an introvert. It's really awesome now that I think about it! To summarize, over time as we grow older, the introvert part of us inclines more towards the middle between introvert and extrovert, and the extrovert's do the same as well, hence why we feel we understand more and why a bunch of adults just don't get us. As an introvert, you tend to think more before you act, and as an extrovert, you tend to act before you think. The adults never had much education back then ago, so my dad doesn't understand how my mind works. And thus, this is where education without mandatory exercising-with-goals-using-physical-movement comes into play: Education made us think outside their boxes. Education has trained our neocortex so much that it became the dominant actor. The front lobe of the brain, which used to be the dominant part of the previous generation and is still is, tends to be more aggressive and withstanding. The neocortex has its fair share of problems too, and trying to spell it out for you guys really would not suffice. This does not apply to everybody. I have an introvert personality that is termed "INFP" which spells out "Introversion, Intuition, Feeling, and Perception" The free test I took was not completely accurate, but it got most of the points down extremely well it's kind of scary. The one I took was called the "Open Extended Jungian Type Scale." This is the link where I took mine. And this link shows my own answers to calculate results on my personality. It's the aforementioned INFP. You can read it if you want. It explains why I like bad guys, ie the anime extroverted bad guy. XD Pasokon, or Japanese word for "computer": these things further trained our neocortex's, meaning all these things and education make us not used to labor-for-work shigoto/work. And also because, during the time as a child (I have to say this again), we're only taught to use our neocortex's, if nothing else really. It all makes sense when you think about it. And why it feels like some of us get annoyed by our parents. It is perfectly justifiable. Based on what is shown in the video, you know how young teens are blamed for lots of stuff? There's a good reason for that, but that's because we were growing up still. Our neocortex, and also applies to extroverts except differently, had to do something to balance out their energy. Super extroverts wanted to do something rowdy and fun, otherwise, if they were alone, they'd get depressed very easily. On the other hand, as introverts, we get the opposite: we're able to be fun-self-sustaining, but tend to get irritated a lot if we get forced outside to do something when we don't feel good. For the extrovert, they don't have enough thinking energy. For the introvert, they have a lot of energy. Extroverts do whatever's fun to stimulate their brains back to high levels. Introverts, on the other hand, have to spend some time outside as well to underwhelm their thinking and sense and just breathe... But if you think you're an introvert, then don't doubt yourself. Introverts and Extroverts go out of character every once in a while, because they'll explode either in Big Bang Roar of having their privacy interrupted or just don't feel good on days. American culture is dominated by Extroverts, but there are most likely more of us Introverts than we account for. It correlates/relates to why America has so much "depression" throughout the country, and why, according to this survey of France and the US, that France, in 2011, has about ~21% and US ranks at ~19%. Probably. Understand that, no matter how people behave, that you keep in mind that you can't change it yourself forcefully, that they are their own unique person who functions in a unique way because of their brain and their second brain, believe it or not is the Gastro Intestinal Tract (GIT or something.) And also that they are people too, and because of my INFP, which makes me care for people so much, that I have at least some likeness towards all ethnicites because, even if my brain wants to tell them to "SCRAM!", my inner deep soul wants me to understand them, and that it is more fruitful for the thought if I understand them, because then my perceptions would be less thwarted. Side Content 1: On the "Under-estimation of Fiber" If you do, however, want to overeat on Fiber, you friggin' can if you can handle it for a day. Basically... "Overeat" on your fiber and drink plenty of water. And friggin' make sure you have a day off. For me, my experience was that it only happened for one day, but also came with extreme bloating gas... for only one day. For that one day or more, you can keep taking a heart burn calcium tablet. Kukuku. I don't know, but my body adapts to this pretty quick. In fact, it's cheaper than buying a bunch of food, and will help you lose a bunch of weight, because you'll be "emptying yourself out." Side Content 2: Why Sugar isn't normally bad but "artificial" sugar is In fact, according to a video about "Sugar: The Bitter Truth," our ancestors used to eat 300 grams of fiber on average per day, and they'd still be able to survive. We don't even eat that much anyway because we're too busy eating all that sugar that lost all of its vitamins through processing. And believe it or not, it makes us even hungrier afterwards. And that hunger, in turn, leads us to needing to eat more than we need to. But it's okay to eat a bit and get addicted to it once in a while. After I stopped sugar for a while, when I got back on it, I wasn't as addicted as before, like I had garnered a new understanding of my body's needs. Note: This is connected to our country's history. It has some intriguing politics, with a mix of conversational laughter and a bunch of smart research he and like 5-8 other researchers have done, including how plantation workers lived longer than the owner himself back in the slavery days, even when the owner was eating all the sugar cubes they made. The video is at least an hour long. They had a lot to cover to debunk the myth about sugar. And just how bad High Fructose Corn Syrup is for us. Self Help Technique: Emotional Freedom Techinque (EFT) Before I did this, I had already discovered lots of merdian point combinations that served to strengthen my brain whenever I felt bad. This is extremely helpful for those who know what it feels like to have a shrunken brain, and with the meridian point combination I did, I was able to reenact the effects of like 300% Vitamin D (meaning I have good eye vision no matter how long I stare at the computer) without actually having to take that many vitamins. In fact, the vitamins were only temporary, but the incredible exercises I did (the eyes are correlated to the hypothalamus) made my eyes so good that I got my eye examination with both eyes seeing with one each perfect (this is good for a balance between far and near vision, meaning it's a perfectly functioning balance.) But the idea and concept of actually altering your body's chemistry is something that I touched upon because I needed it, not because I actually wanted it. And because of a certain Shirogane Takeru, but don't play the visual novel unless you're at least 18+ years old. If you've never experienced anything "that bad" happen to you, then prepare to experience the thrill of the ride that is Muv-Luv... And also, when I tell myself that "My muscles may not recover quickly, but I completely believe in it," along with the EFT exercises, my muscles do feel a bit more relaxed. For the site where I found this, here. So, to summarize: Parents treat you like kids, but believe it or not, being a real kid despite being older can equate to you being smart in some cases, and I act like an understandable kid because I think more abstract thoughts than the concrete thoughts that adults think of. Even though it's partially our fault too, even thought we're being blamed for something we couldn't control back then, it is a reasonable blame. It is understandable why parents act like kids. After all, major extroverts aren't completely compatible with major introverts, and yeah, it's alright to be either one. You just need to understand where your instinctual needs come from. Extroverts for social activity, Introverts for inner peace. Extroverts think mostly concrete thoughts (not every one of them) and Introverts tend to think abstract thoughts (again, there are exceptions.) And also, my personality makes me inconsistent and want to give up on projects (including games) easily a lot of times because my neocortex thinking energy gets too high, then I simply renew it (unfortunately) by crash binging on a lot of different games, if you can believe that. XD And my parade for each game only lasts for 10-30 minutes before I want to quit and do something else. That's what it means to have "F" in your personality. And no, I didn't do any of the other personality tests because that was already enough for me. And my parents are complaining again, but I know I'm not a kid anymore, and now I know that some misperceptions can't be faced unless I speak out, even if it's only the internet. The internet is fine for communication. Don't be ashamed by it. Even though I'm still a little embarrassed about doing this. And also, tell me if I did it right. If I were braver as a person, then I definitely would have become a great professor. And also, my opinion was that we became introverts too early that society and humanity's countries in general don't have the right understanding or the technology to handle our real personal needs, so we're kind of stuck, but hang in there! Anyway, have fun! And do whatever you want! I'm pretty sure you've heard about introverts/extroverts, right? But if you really want to understand this better on a personal level, then think of it for yourself. I can't change you, but you can. Even if you aren't smart even if you're an Introvert, it means you have other strengths others find lacking in themselves. Be proud of yourselves, and do what you think is best. 
 Last edited by MagicalKnight Masa; 12-29-2014 at 06:22 PM. 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
