http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150576-To-Aru-Hikuushi-e-no-Koiuta-(The-Princess-and-the-Pilot-Love-Song-to-a-Certain-Pilot)
[Romance] To Aru Hikuushi e no Koiuta (The Princess and the Pilot/Love Song to a Certain Pilot)
 I don't know if any of you have ever seen the 2011 anime movie entitled The Princess and the Pilot. If not, then I highly suggest it! It was excellent, full of stunning visuals and moving moments. It looks like we now have a full anime series coming in January 2014, which will serve as a prequel to the movie! I'm really excited for this, as the movie was one of the most beautiful I've seen. AnimeNewsNetwork, 2013-05-16: A foldout flier for Shogakukan's Gagaga Bunko imprint is announcing that an anime adaptation of Koroku Inumura's Toaru Hikūshi e no Koiuta (A Love Song to a Certain Airship Pilot) light novel series is in the works. The light novel series is set in the same world as Inumura's To Aru Hikūshi e no Tsuioku (Recollection of a Certain Airship Pilot/The Princess and the Pilot) novel, although it is set earlier with a different cast of characters. The story of love and aerial combat follows a former prince who lost everything to a revolution, and a girl who became the symbol for the revolution. The orphaned prince, now renamed Karueru, embarks on a one-way journey to discover the ends of the heavens. Aboard the levitating island of Isura, he meets a girl named Claire. Inumura started the light novel series in 2009 and published the fifth and final volume in 2011. Haruyuki Morisawa, the artist for Tsuioku and the original character designer for Lagrange - The Flower of Rin-ne, also illustrated Koiuta and the other stories in Inumura's Toaru Hikūshi e project. 
 Last edited by Ned; 12-30-2013 at 11:58 PM. Reason: Image Link Expired 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This series will be simulcasted on Crunchyroll on January 6 at 7:00am PST! More info: The winter anime season at Crunchyroll gets a lift from the addition of THE PILOT’S LOVE SONG. This fantasy romance functions as a prequel of sorts to The Princess and the Pilot anime saga based on the light novels by Koroku Inumura and is set in the same universe and features a different set of protagonists. Story: “As a beautiful daughter of the noble family del Moral, Fana was proposed by Prince Carlo, who is the crown prince of their country Levamme. However, since Levamme is at war with Amatsuvian, the marriage had to wait until the war ends. Meanwhile, as a bestado, the lowest caste in Levamme, Charles had always dreamed of flying and eventually became the ace pilot of the air force. Although he was often mistreated, a glorious chance came about when the Amatsuvian bombarded del Moral's home in order to get rid of the future empress. Charles was then entrusted with the top secret mission of delivering the princess to the prince.” 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Episode 1 was quite beautiful! <3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 .....his name is.... Kal-el???? or did the subber mess up? I think I have heard that name from somewhere.....hmmmmm... o well. I'm sure it wasn't from some MAN that was SUPER or something. Must be my imagination.... lmao 
 I had to re-watch the beginning and someone is going to die, who that will be I guess time will tell, but my money is on Claire, unless he's talking about  Spoiler his already dead mother. 

 I thought it was more like a lot of people who died. I was expecting more of a larger scale tragedy. Especially with his last statement that we did not yet know how harsh reality could be, or something to that effect (note: "we", not "I"). Considering the political turmoil in the Princess and the Pilot movie, this could be the outbreak of war that lead to the movie. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Interesting anime, seems some-what similar to The Last Exile (of which I never actually completed I just saw bits). Cool anime and all that, really is; I just think they pushed the whole love thing too early on. They should've at least given it a few episodes first (unless of course the girl's status will be relevant later). 
 Yeah, I agree. And you really should watch Last Exile. It is so good. :3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned Episode 1 was quite beautiful! <3 Sure!, it was excellent! do you know when the next chapter will come out? 
----------
 Kal-el is a pimp lol. He shut that nobel guy down. So did my boy Wolfgang! He is my favorite character so far. Though I like them all so far. 

 lol. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I'm not crazy about this series but I'm interested to see where the story goes. Especially since we've already been given an important fact about the protagonist's life  Spoiler he's a nobel, lel. 
 So we all knew  Spoiler Claire had some kind of relation to Nina Viento, but damn... I didnt wanna believe it, but I was somewhat surprised she actually is Nina Viento...now the relationship makes things a little more interesting. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai So we all knew  Spoiler Claire had some kind of relation to Nina Viento, but damn... I didnt wanna believe it, but I was somewhat surprised she actually is Nina Viento...now the relationship makes things a little more interesting. AWWWWW SNAP! Things actually getting interesting. Its turning out to be a decent (I didnt say good yet) anime. 
 Originally Posted by legattoVIII AWWWWW SNAP! Things actually getting interesting. Its turning out to be a decent (I didnt say good yet) anime. I agree it started off a little slow, but it is getting interesting. 

 Yeah I'm really enjoying this and I'm also very surprised with the end of Ep4 even though it was kinda obvious! Anyone else think Ari has a "brother complex"? 

 After catching up on episodes 3 and 4 I have to say this anime got depressing really ****ing quickly. Still kinda good though. Also, I can't be the only one who  Spoiler totally thought that the brown haired girl was NIIIIIINNAAAA VIEEENTOO0000 
 Last edited by MeLuvUlongTim; 01-30-2014 at 07:33 PM. 
 Little bit of a time leap but thats okay, really dont need to see them in class, would have liked to see more training but the pace is picking up. There's the "beach" episode so we got some fan service lol. It was cool to see Claire's back story,  Spoiler and she's kinda scary, I mean she can whip up a tornado in an instant. I'd like to know how and why she lost her powers though, also would like to see Karl's role in coming to Isla. 

 "I hope we can fly like this forever" THATS LIKE TABOO!!! Chiharu and Mitty finally getting somewhat of a relationship...and now it looks like next weeks episode...omg I dont even wanna think about what happens if the classmates start dropping like flies... 

 I am seriously in tears right now.  Spoiler Mitsuo will forever be a champion in my books. My favorite character has died, but his spirit will live on. Chiharu though...damn idk how shes going to make it through. 

 Oh my god...these last two episodes were just the worst.  Spoiler WOLFGANG!!!! NOOOOOOOO He and Fausto got lit up like the fourth of July. So upset that now Mitsuo and Wolfgang my two favorite characters are done for. Such garbage 

 9 episodes to realize Claire is Nina Viento, TAKES ARI HALF AN EPISODE TO REALIZE IT...anime logic. Also "I love you so I can't see you anymore." Wow. after Wolfgang and Mitsuo died i now have a bitter taste in my mouth. Thank god Ignacio is a boss. 

 Yeah I was shocked as hell at the last two episodes. Its definitely getting real now! 

  Spoiler If Benji and Nori got killed I would have been real upset, if Claire died I would have stopped watching. This show seriously tugs at my heartstrings. But seriously everyone, lets give Benji a HAND... 

 So let me get this straight. These kids sacrificed their lives for a few reasons. #1 To see if the stories were true... #2 To see some rainbows, and #3 to have THE ISLAND THEY DIED AND FOUGHT FOR WITH THE MEMORIAL OF THEIR DEAD FRIENDS DISAPPEAR INTO SAID RAINBOW. Needless to say I am angry. 

