http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150797-New-toy-I-picked-up-today!
[Personal Life Discussions] New toy I picked up today!
 Closed Extended  Spoiler In case there's anyone that doesn't know what this is, it's an extendable baton. They are excellent weapons for self defense (whether the attacker is human or wild animal). In order to "open" it, all one does is flick their wrist and it extends in a split second! Unfortunately, they are illegal to carry in many places. Many, but not all. (Gotta love NH! After all, they don't say 'live free or die' for nothing!) However...in my opinion, these should be legal everywhere, as they are excellent tools for defending one's life. 

 From the first image, i thought the new 'toy' you picked up was something i should not say the name of on a forum with under 18s present. Can't think why though. I hope you are confident in your skills, because unless you are very well trained and practiced with an item such as this, it is a horrible idea to carry a weapon around with you, let alone possess one. I did not own a staff or sword of my own (or any other weapon i now possess) until i had had extensive training using practice weapons, with a teacher who is an expert in said weapon. For wild animals i would prefer to use a knife anyway, but for an unarmed human attacker, this could just make it easier for them to harm you. Unless of course you know what you are doing, in which case yeah these a pretty cool. Personally i would prefer something easier to handle quickly, but then a lock assist like a kubotan would not have much use against a wild dog, where as a baton would. Personal preference i guess. 
 Last edited by Akio-dono; 09-20-2013 at 05:34 PM. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 If you are creative and skilled enough, anything can be used as a weapon to save your life. Or you could also learn martial arts and turn yourself into a weapon. Beats batons any day. inb4 sexual innuendos. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Batons are cool, non lethal weapons to arm yourself with..... Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares inb4 sexual innuendos. ....In any case I wonder where the vibrating or electrically charged varieties, might be? 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares If you are creative and skilled enough, anything can be used as a weapon to save your life. Or you could also learn martial arts and turn yourself into a weapon. Beats batons any day. inb4 sexual innuendos. No, while unarmed, i could best an armed yet untrained assailant but i would still rather have a weapon so as to minimize my risk of receiving injury. Blocking and parrying or countering a strike from something like a metal baton will most likely hurt you in some way. Originally Posted by The Archangel Batons are cool, non lethal weapons to arm yourself with..... ....In any case I wonder where the vibrating or electrically charged varieties, might be? I think what you want is a cattle prod. I made my point about this being a bad idea without training because easily influenced people could see this post and think 'hey, i should get one of those'. Whilst you certainly might find merits in possessing one of these, if you are not well trained and you pull this out in a fight, you are probably going to get a lot more injured than if you did not bring it, or buy it in the first place. Additionally, if you happen to come across a particularly grumpy policeman in a location where it is illegal to carry these, they might very well punish you for it. I cannot speak for all countries, but a man i knew in spain carried one of these around until a policeman caught him and broke the guys arm. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio No, while unarmed, i could best an armed yet untrained assailant but i would still rather have a weapon so as to minimize my risk of receiving injury. Blocking and parrying or countering a strike from something like a metal baton will most likely hurt you in some way. Dodge? It is really a double-edged blade. If you get your weapon taken from you, would not it be worse? The only real way to minimize the risk of injury is to avoid such conflict entirely... or wear protective armor. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Flemmes - Although I do have the proper hand to hand combat training to defend myself from an unarmed attacker, these are way too cool to pass up, as they're pretty hard to find. Most stores do not have them in stock, and there's even a gun shop in my hometown where they only sell them to security and police officers. Akios - Although knives are generally more lethal, they leave quite a mess, and believe me...it's not pretty. I don't know how hunters can possibly use knives in such an inhumane way. Batons (if used properly and effectively, like you said), are ideal for saving your life against a bear or coyote attack. Now, I can't say I have experience with batons, as this is the first time I ever got one, but learning how to use these in the most effective way possible is never a bad idea. You look at things in a realistic way, and I admire that. 
 Last edited by Orlando; 09-20-2013 at 06:40 PM. 

 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Dodge? It is really a double-edged blade. If you get your weapon taken from you, would not it be worse? The only real way to minimize the risk of injury is to avoid such conflict entirely... or wear protective armor. That is why my point was experienced training, I would not have my weapon taken from me.  Spoiler You do not have to convice me, i have evidence on my stomach of what mess knives leave. So what hand to hand training have you had? I am always happy to meet another martial artists How come stores do not have them, is it just because they extend so are easier to conceal? 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio That is why my point was experienced training, I would not have my weapon taken from me.  Spoiler You do not have to convice me, i have evidence on my stomach of what mess knives leave. So what hand to hand training have you had? I am always happy to meet another martial artists How come stores do not have them, is it just because they extend so are easier to conceal? No, I am more of a theorist than practitioner. I have just never had the motivation to practice even though I have plenty of resources all around. As for why stores do not sell them, that is like asking why stores sell guns even though they are WAY more dangerous. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 ....what the hell is it doing on your bedsheets?! Anyway, this can definitely come in handy when pushing/shoving to get on the train. Or perhaps to discipline a young child. Because love. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Um, i was actually asking Orlando that :3 It is shame you are not motivated anyway :/ i think every school in the world should teach martial arts from the age of 5 But a bullet can easily be traced, where as damage from a metal bar can not (can be, just a lot more difficult). Originally Posted by Oh Snap. ....what the hell is it doing on your bedsheets?! Anyway, this can definitely come in handy when pushing/shoving to get on the train. Or perhaps to discipline a young child. Because love. Remind me not to invite you over for tea, well anything really xP If you went to tokyo, you would become famous among the train companies! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Originally Posted by Orlando However...in my opinion, these should be legal everywhere, as they are excellent tools for defending one's life.[/spoiler] You could say that with anything... a pet bear, a shot gun, a samurai sword, a butter knife. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio That is why my point was experienced training, I would not have my weapon taken from me.  Spoiler You do not have to convice me, i have evidence on my stomach of what mess knives leave. So what hand to hand training have you had? I am always happy to meet another martial artists How come stores do not have them, is it just because they extend so are easier to conceal? Marine basics. As for why stores don't sell them, I don't know. I just don't. This is excellent hardware that I think should not just be limited to law enforcement. Not to sound all "anti government", but their tyranny really pisses me off. 

 Originally Posted by Orlando Marine basics. As for why stores don't sell them, I don't know. I just don't. This is excellent hardware that I think should not just be limited to law enforcement. Not to sound all "anti government", but their tyranny really pisses me off. Perhaps because people think that they're toys... 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 O.O I want one so bad! That is awesome! 
 oh big boy toys aye? That's pretty cool, I've always wanted to whack someone's knees with it. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Please don't hurt yourself or anyone else. Really when you go out it may be best to leave the baton at home. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Please don't hurt yourself or anyone else. Really when you go out it may be best to leave the baton at home. Yeah this is pretty solid advice. While it might be legal to own in NH, I'd recommend looking up laws related to intimidation or "criminal threatening" for your state, in addition to how self-defense situations are handled legally. Attacking someone with a weapon like that, even in self-defense might open you up to lawsuits from the perpetrator. A quick google search gives me this: http://www.gencourt.state.nh.us/rsa/.../627/627-4.htm 

 Swords, knives and guns make you a target and most will view you as a threat but batons, bao staffs and others make you just some weirdo. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 What the hell is a bao staff. People tend to give me funny looks when i walk around with a 6ft piece of wood. Nobody trains with a baton, it is pretty obvious if someone has them they they only have it to whack people with ¬_¬ 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio What the hell is a bao staff. People tend to give me funny looks when i walk around with a 6ft piece of wood. Nobody trains with a baton, it is pretty obvious if someone has them they they only have it to whack people with ¬_¬ Nothing wrong with whacking a few people with a baton. I personally myself am trained in knife fighting, as well as using a double edged broad sword. Although there are many ways that people can defend themselves... it's all personal opinion, and whatever works for you the most. 

 The number of fedoras in this thread is through the roof. 
 While I wouldn't call it a toy, this is what I carry around:  Spoiler Yes, it's unloaded:  Spoiler If push came to shove, it'd make a decent bludgeoning device. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 ^^^ Good on you. I mean it, this isnt a sarcastic post as per usual. I'm glad to know you dont walk around with it armed like you are gonna get into a mexican stand off somewhere. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Do the bad guys wait for you to load the chambers? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
