http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159706-Favorite-Engilsh-voice-actors-anyone
[Anime] Favorite Engilsh voice actors anyone?
 I've watched so many dubs I can recognize most of the heavily employed ones by just there voices even when they are trying to change it up, pretty sad lol. 3 Guys Johnny Yong Bosch - Vash(Trigun), Lelouche (Code Geass), Renton (Eureka 7), and of course bleach Eric Vale - Future Trunks (DBZ), Sanji (One Piece), practically every male wh*re in every dubbed anime Christopher Sabat - Vegeta/Piccolo (DBZ), Zoro (One Piece), Kuwabara (Yu Yu Hakasho) Runner up Chuck Huber because Hiei is my all-time favorite anime character Honorable Mention Todd Haberkorn after a bunch of awesome supporting roles he final voiced a memorable lead character in Natsu from Fairy Tail 3 girls Colleen Clinkenbeard - Luffy (One Piece), Erza (Fairy Tail), Rachel (Case Closed) Stephanie Sheh - Okay she's in everything. Brina Palencia - From Tony Tony Chopper to the most adorable yadare character of all time in Yuno Gasai Runner Up Cherami Leigh. She has a very pretty voice, but usually plays a tough girl. Whats not to like? Yeah I went a little overboard, but does anybody else have some favorites on or off my list? 
 Last edited by dayXdreamer; 01-12-2015 at 05:00 AM. 
 Elizabeth McGlynn for Kusanagi (GITS) and Keith Silverstein for his role as Johann in the anime Monster. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Tiffany Grant and Tara Strong. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 The one I like from your list is Brina Palencia for playing Ciel Phantomhive in Black Butler and Hideyoshi in Baka and Test. Some of my other favorites are Laura Bailey(Maka in Soul Eater) and Luci Christian(Medusa in Soul Eater and Honey in Ouran Host Club). 
 I recognize a lot when I'm watching the shows mostly just the voice iteself. I've never been one to actually learn the names but I do know a few. I know for starters Johnny Yong Bosch is one of my favorites. I also adore Laura Bailey, Luci Christian and Monica Rial. *Links will show you their works. 
 I'm familiar with most of them I'll have to check out the 2 Calbob suggested since I don't recognize the names off the top of my head. I like Britney Karbowski too. I know I heard her in a bunch of anime but the one that stuck is Blackstar from Soul Eater. After all Blackstar was the biggest star in that anime, nobody could steal his spotlight 
 Last edited by dayXdreamer; 01-12-2015 at 07:34 PM. Reason: Jake is ty ty and therefore haz bad grammarz 
 Monica rial, Shelley black, lucy Christian, steve blum, greg ares, and Christopher sabat. To name a few 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Josh Keaton, who plays Spider-Man in The Spectacular Spider-Man. And Christopher Daniel Barnes, my preferred voice actor for Spidey, who played the normal Spidey in the '90s Spider-Man: The Animated Series, and Spider-Man Noir (a role much more suited for him, since he was pretty much the Kevin Conray of Spider-Man) in the Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions​ video game. For the female side, there's Jennifer Hale, who plays the badass Commander FemShep in the Mass Effect franchise. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 Kirby Morrow(has done more roles then can be counted, but the one where he really shines, is Miroku in Inuysdhs, he was also a actor in the live action series Stargate Atlantis) Brenna O'Brian: She was pretty good with Rin from Inuyasha, but that's not where she really shines, the best role that really allowed her to show her insane skills, is Ren in Elemental Gelade(Note she was Adria in SG1 too, you know, that little girl extra, that put on such a great act, everyone remember her, plus the studio made up excuses/episodes, just so they have a reason to bring her back into the show, so yea she has always had mad skills) Paul Dobson Nuroku from Inusha. His voice is the greatest villain voice in the entire history of acting in general, but sadly he is always being miscasted, as far as I can tell, Nuroku is the only roles he was properly casted into(His voice just screams evil villain, yet he's always being casted into kind hearted people. Ok he was not a good gut in his Elemental Gelade role, but he was more of a guest char, and never really went into how bad he is) While Richard Ian Cox is a one hit wonder(Inuyasha from um Inuyasha), It's such a great voice, and The Final Act definitely proves how skilled he is(he was very good as Ranma, in the last few seasons of Ranma 1/2 as well, infact I liked him better then the other VA they had, but yea, he hasn't done much sigh) I think I'm forgetting someone, but can't think of who it was atm sigh. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 I don't watch anime in English if I can help it. I have gotten to the point that I recognize the Japanese voice actors though. 
 The only English voice actor that I know by name is Andrew Love so I guess him. I don't really watch anything in dub anymore. 
 Last edited by Karnage; 01-12-2015 at 11:19 PM. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Liam O'Brien pulled off my favorite dubbed voice of all time in Monster Brina Palencia is by far my favorite voice actress J. Michael Tatum does some pretty great stuff as well The usuals like Steve Blum and JYB come to mind. They get a lot of jobs for a reason Way too many to name honestly 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz Liam O'Brien pulled off my favorite dubbed voice of all time in Monster My first thought about this thread was Liam O'Brien too. Often a character's voice will change radically when voiced by someone else in the English dub, and not usually in a good way either, but I found myself really liking Liam's version of Gaara in Naruto. Despite the fact that it was different, I still felt like it was very much Gaara. :-) 
 Troy Baker, but more for his work in video games than anime. He's usually hired to do the same voice again and again in anime (and anime-inspired games, such as jrpgs), but he's been able to show off his talent and range more effectively in his game roles. Anyone who has played The Last of Us and Arkham Origins has heard him at his best, as Joel and the Joker, respectively. Other voice actors whom I just enjoy hearing the voices of, but aren't necessarily very talented actors, are Liam O'Brien, Steve Blum, Kirk Thornton, and Chris Sabat. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Troy Baker, but more for his work in video games than anime. He's usually hired to do the same voice again and again in anime (and anime-inspired games, such as jrpgs), but he's been able to show off his talent and range more effectively in his game roles. Anyone who has played The Last of Us and Arkham Origins has heard him at his best, as Joel and the Joker, respectively. Other voice actors whom I just enjoy hearing the voices of, but aren't necessarily very talented actors, are Liam O'Brien, Steve Blum, Kirk Thornton, and Chris Sabat. Omg he did Yuri Lowell in tales of vesperia!!!!! Hands down my fav tales of game. I generally only do sub's for anime but I do English obviously for my video games. Well here's another vote for troy baker!!! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Christian bale. Not really known for voice acting but he's my all time favourite, he played the role as batman in the latest batman movies and has been in numerous other block buster movies such as American Psycho. The reason I chose him was because he was the voice of Howl in Howl's moving castle, possibly the greatest anime movie in my opinion. Showed great emotion and gentleness in his voice, would love to sound like that haha 
 Scott McNeil, jennifer hale, hilary hagg, Britney karbowski, brad swail, and david matranga are some others 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 The guy who voiced goku, some of those power up screams were insane I mostly watch subbed so im not to familiar wiht the English voice actors 

 Oh yeah even though he wasn't in a ton of stuff (The only one I can really think of SAO as Krito) is Bryce Papenbrook. He voiced Jack, the main character in Radiata Stories which is one of my all time favorite RPGs despite the somewhat lousy ending and it was a little too easy. It's pretty PG but some of the dialogue/scenes in that game is hysterical, especially in the bonus dungeon 
 Steve Blum- He's everywhere in anime Travis Willingham- Roy Mustang in FMA/FMAB Mary McGlynn- Major Motoko Kusanagi in Ghost in the Shell series 
 Stephanie Nadolny, she did the voices for Kid Goku and Kid Gohan. 
 I don't watch dubs, normally. I don't think I've watched dubbed anime since Inuyasha (and that was only the first 20 episodes or so) and the first two episodes of Gundam SEED, but I do know many voice actors. My favorites would be; Matt Hill, Trevor Duvall, Vic Mignogna, Kelly Sheridan, Richard Cox, Scott McNeil, Sam Vincent, Kirby Morrow...I realize I'm stating most of the VAs from Inuyasha and Gundam SEED, haha. But they all did many other works as well. =) 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 Laura baily Christopher sabat Crispen freeman And i dont know there names but a hand full of the baccano cast 
