http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159459-A4-Has-a-New-Owner!/page2
 A4 Has a New Owner! - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox So, where is the new guy/gal at? My thoughts exactly. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox So, where is the new guy/gal at? Originally Posted by Captain Picard My thoughts exactly. I was hoping to hold off for another thread but I think this explains it: Originally Posted by Knuckles10 [...] The new owner is "Building out sites", so I don't know what he has planned [...] Basically A4 is a prostitute, each change of hands is an opportunity to make a little dough given A4's position on google. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Just wanted to drop by and give my gratitude. Thank you knuckles for creating an environment filled with wonderful people and memories. Long Live The King.~ 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 So it's official: This forum was/is doomed. So long everybody. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 Goodbye DnS. :P At the end of the day, it makes no difference who the owner is. Knuckles left the forum in our care, only taking care of the back-end all of these years, and he did give full access to one admin. He trusted us with A4 and it hasn't gone anywhere. We're still here. He said it himself, nothing will really have changed. Except for the fact that the new person will have more time for the site. This new admin hasn't discussed anything with us yet, but I am sure that he will when the holiday period is over. I know there are a few things that maybe need to change to bring activity up some, but that can only happen through talking to him. I highly doubt anyone would buy a site just to let it die. :P 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 R.I.P to the true Animeforums OG and practically only sane person of power here. Your reign shall be missed knuggles. 
 Is the new admin cute? 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Is the new admin cute? We can only hope 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Good time to post I suppose.. I appreciate all the hard work Knuckles. Never really talked to you or anything but everyone seems to think highly of you so I will follow their example and say you will be missed. So now let us all take bets at how much we are worth. Over/under is 10,000 USD, who wants to start? 
 Jesus Christ Knucks, I finally remember to do my yearly log in here again and check if Kyuu has burned the place down or if the Rancor has gotten loose and eaten all the Naruto-fans and instead I see you've sold the site? Good for you Hope you have fun on your new adventures. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go off and cause a rancor-related "accident". 
CURRENT STATUS: Attempting to figure out a better way put smuggle strawberry cupcakes into Vampire_Lowell's pants. -The not-so-invisible ex-admin in self-imposed exile-
 Originally Posted by wastaz Jesus Christ Knucks, I finally remember to do my yearly log in here again and check if Kyuu has burned the place down or if the Rancor has gotten loose and eaten all the Naruto-fans and instead I see you've sold the site? Good for you Hope you have fun on your new adventures. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go off and cause a rancor-related "accident". It's a rare Wastaz! :O 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple It's a rare Wastaz! :O Where? What? Who? Catch it! 
CURRENT STATUS: Attempting to figure out a better way put smuggle strawberry cupcakes into Vampire_Lowell's pants. -The not-so-invisible ex-admin in self-imposed exile-
 Originally Posted by wastaz Where? What? Who? Catch it! CURRENT STATUS: Attempting to figure out a better way put smuggle strawberry cupcakes into Vampire_Lowell's pants. Psh, never. <3 
 
 It's a rare Lowell! :O 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 whhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaat 
Rehabiliting A4, one post at a time. I am STILL psychic. Want to know your future? PM moi! "...and one look from her turns boys into men" -Kidanarchy, speaking about my beauty. Guys, join the crusade against me! 
 Never got to meet you, but it seems you were loved. See ya 
Dude, come on. Have you not read the forum rules of advertising on A4? Please read our Rules and the list of legal anime streaming websites in our FAQ - Shannon Apple.
 https://twitter.com/AnimeForums1 Well then.... Also couldn't upload a screen shot, cropped it, and it's "too large." 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 y u no follow 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 OMG, Two rare ex-admins. How have you been, you crazy bastards? 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Thanks for all your hard work over the years, Knuckles. You will be missed 
MyAnimeList
 Wastaz and Vampire Lowell. Wow. Havent seen you two in a long time. How has life been treating you? 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 OMG did you guys know A4 has a group on FB???? I just found that out lol is that some of the new changes??? After Knuckles??? probably not I just don't pop around as much as I use to XD lol I'm still sad we have a new owner T.T 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Originally Posted by NessaPie23 I'm still sad we have a new owner T.T I'm pretty sure it's just an empty shelled account at this point. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Originally Posted by Karnage I'm pretty sure it's just an empty shelled account at this point. Ahhhhh that makes the sadness all the more deep to feel T.T 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 The Facebook group isn't new. It's always been there. Sadly, over the years, people left it. Well most of them don't post here anymore The new owner would like to see it revived though which is why there's a link to it on A4 again. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
