http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152081-Your-completed-anime-list
[Anime] Your completed anime list?
 At the moment this is all I have completed however there are a few more I just can't remember them. 1.Avatar the Last Airbender 2.Accel World 3.Air Tv 4.Angel Beats! 5.Afro Samurai 6.Basilisk 7.Black Blood Brothers 8.Baka and Test 9.Claymore 10.Clannad 11.Chobits 12.Dragon Ball Z 13.Digimon 14.Death Note 15.Desert Punk 16.Girls Bravo! 17.GunXSword 18.High School of the Dead 19.Highschool DXD 20.Kanon 21.Kaze No Stigma 22.Kimi Ni Todoke 23.Kenichi the MIghtiest Disciple 24.Love Hina 25.My Brides a Mermaid 26.Oda Nobuna no Yabou 27.Oreshura 28.Trigun 29.Tenchi Muyo GXP 30.Toradora! 31.Rurouni Kenshin 32.Samurai Deeper Kyo 33.Samurai Champloo 34.Sengoku Basara 35.Sword Art Online 36.Welcome to the NHK P.S. All shows like "Clannad After Story" I personally just consider to be an extension to the original show so I just combined them. 
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/BentonFoster Only has shows I've watched since I made the list/remembered to put on there when I made it though 
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/Novangel  Spoiler Daily Lives of High School Boys Tasogare Otome x Amnesia Special Tasogare Otome x Amnesia Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S Aria the Origination Aria the Origination Special The World God Only Knows Season 3 Watashi ga Motenai no wa Dou Kangaete mo Omaera ga Warui! Kiniro Mosaic Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kaku: Outbreak Inu to Hasami wa Tsukaiyou Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya Toaru Majutsu no Index Movie: Endymion no Kiseki Mirai Nikki: Redial Aria the OVA: Arietta Aria the Natural Special Aria the Natural Nichijou OVA The Vision of Escaflowne Hidan no Aria Special Seitokai no Ichizon Lv.2 Rescue Me! Ore no Imouto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai Season 2 The Garden of Words RDG: Red Data Girl Date A Live Hotarubi no Mori e Aria the Animation Rebuild of Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo Fate/Prototype Fate/Zero Season 2 Fate/Zero Clannad the Motion Picture Whisper of the Heart Princess Mononoke Grave of the Fireflies IS: Infinite Stratos Encore: Koi ni Kogareru Sextet Tales from Earthsea Little Busters! Sasami-san@Ganbaranai Vividred Operation Tamako Market Robotics;Notes Fate/Stay Night - Unlimited Blade Works Fate/Stay Night Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Rebuild of Evangelion: 2.00 You Can (Not) Advance Rebuild of Evangelion: 1.00 You Are (Not) Alone End of Evangelion Neon Genesis Evangelion Kigeki Hyouka OVA Hyouka Hellsing Ultimate OVA Usagi Drop Specials Usagi Drop Le Portrait de Petit Cossette Dantalian no Shoka OVA: Ibarahime Nekomonogatari Kokoro Connect: Michi Random Yumekui Merry The Girl Who Leapt Through Time Howl's Moving Castle Black Lagoon - Roberta's Blood Trail OVA Sword Art Online The World God Only Knows: Ayukawa Tenri Chapter Black Lagoon: The second barrage Black Lagoon Cowboy Bebop Movie - Knockin' on Heaven's Door Nichijou Baccano Otome Youkai Zakuro Sankarea Ga-Rei Zero To Aru Majutsu no Index II To Aru Kagaku no Railgun Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind Strike Witches - The Movie Nisemonogatari Oda Nobuna no Yabou Bakemonogatari One Off Cowboy Bebop Koi to Senkyo to Chocolate Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kai Specials Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Special: Nekogoroshi-hen Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kira Kokoro Connect Kara no Kyoukai Movie 1: Fukan Fuukei To Aru Majutsu no Index Yuru Yuri Season 2 High School DxD OVA Sola OVA's Sola Nazo no Kanojo X OVA Touhou Doujin Anime - A Summer's Day Dream Shinryaku! Ika Musume OVA Rozen Maiden Mysterious Girlfriend X Upotte!! They Are My Noble Masters Haibane Renmei Medaka Box Noir A-Channel Omamori Himari K-ON! Movie High School DxD Serial Experiments Lain Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ni! Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ano Hi Mita Hana no Namae wo Bokutachi wa Mada Shiranai Seitokai no Ichizon Deadman Wonderland Air Summer Special Air Saint Seiya: The lost canvas Season 2 Saint Seiya: The lost canvas Season 1 Inu x Boku SS Darker than Black: Ryuusei no Gemini Darker than Black: Kuro no Keiyakusha Gaiden Freezing Darker Than Black Kanon 5 Centimeters per Second Gunslinger Girl IL - Teatrino Gunslinger Girl Black Rock Shooter Sky Girls Touhou Anime Project (Doujin) Touhou Memories of Phantasm (Doujin) Ōkami Kakushi Mirai Nikki Hyakka Ryouran: Samurai Girls Mushishi Soul Eater The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya The Melancholy Of Haruhi Suzumiya Season 1 The Melancholy Of Haruhi Suzumiya Season 2 11 Eyes Another Sora No Woto Guilty Crown Steins;Gate Strike Witches Season 2 Strike Witches Season 1 Nyan Koi! Clannad: After Story Clannad School Days Ro-Kyu-Bu Sora no Otoshimono Tokeijikake no Angeloid Kamisama No Memochou Ore no Imōto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai "True Route" Tantei Opera Milky Holmes Ef: A tale of melodies The world only god knows Season 2 The world only god knows Season 1 Ore no Imōto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko Black Rock Shooter (OVA) Ef: A tale of memories mm! Working!! Working! Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood Yuru Yuri Ika Musume Season 2 Ika Musume Season 1 Pandora Hearts CubexCursedxCurious K-on!! K-on! Puella Magi Madoka Magica Dantalian no Shoka Gosick Toradora Code Geass Season 2 Code Geass Season 1 Ao No Exorcist Chaos;Head Kore wa zombie desu ka? Umineko no naku Koro ni Rosario + vampire capu2 Rosario + Vampire Lucky Star Maria†Holic Maria†Holic: Alive Kuroshitsuji Season 2 Kuroshitsuji Season 1 Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kai Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni Elfen Lied Hidan No Aria Durarara!! Spice and Wolf Season 2 Spice and Wolf Season 1 Chobits Sora No Otoshimono Forte Sora No Otoshimono Angel Beats! Death Note Hellsing Kino's Journey Naruto Infinite Stratos High School of the dead Hetalia - Axis Powers Laputa: Castle in the Sky 
 Last edited by Alca; 10-24-2013 at 05:39 PM. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/kath0rz just have it all 
  Spoiler Aiura Bakemonogatari Binboudami ga! Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai NEXT Bungaku Shoujo Busou Shinki Busou Shinki Moon Angel Byousoku 5 Centimeter Carnival Phantasm Carnival Phantasm EX Season Carnival Phantasm Illya's Castle Clannad Clannad Movie Clannad: After Story Clannad: Mou Hitotsu no sekai, Kyou-hen Clannad: Mou Hitotsu no sekai, Tomoyo-hen Darker Than Black: Kuro no Keiyakusha Darker Than Black: Kuro No Keiyakusha Gaiden Darker Than Black: Ryuusei no Gemini Digimon Adventure Digimon Adventure Movie Dog Days Dog Days' Dragon Ball Dragon Ball GT Dragon Ball Movie 1: Shen Long no Densetsu Dragon Ball Movie 2: Majinjou no Nemuri Hime Dragon Ball Movie 3: Makafushigi Daibouken Dragon Ball Movie 4: Saikyou e no Michi Dragon Ball Z Dragon Ball Z Movie 01: Ora no Gohan wo Kaese!! Dragon Ball Z Movie 02: Konoyo de Ichiban Tsuyoi Yatsu Dragon Ball Z Movie 03: Chikyuu Marugoto Chou Kessen Dragon Ball Z Movie 04: Super Saiyajin da Son Goku Dragon Ball Z Movie 05: Tobikkiri no Saikyou Tai Saikyou Dragon Ball Z Movie 06: Gekitotsu!! 100-oku Power no Senshi-tachi Dragon Ball Z Movie 07: Kyokugen Battle!! Sandai Super Saiyajin Dragon Ball Z Movie 08: Moetsukiro!! Nessen - Ressen - Chou Gekisen Dragon Ball Z Movie 09: Ginga Girigiri!! Bucchigiri no Sugoi Yatsu Dragon Ball Z Movie 10: Kiken na Futari! Super Senshi wa Nemurenai Dragon Ball Z Movie 11: Super Senshi Gekiha!! Katsu no wa Ore da Dragon Ball Z Movie 12: Fukkatsu no Fusion!! Goku to Vegeta Dragon Ball Z Movie 13: Ryuuken Bakuhatsu!! Goku ga Yaraneba Dare ga Yaru Dragon Ball Z Movie 14: Kami to Kami Eureka seveN Eureka seveN AO Eureka seveN AO:Jungfrau no Hanaban-tachi Eureka seveN: Pocket ga Niji de Ippai Evangelion 1 Ordinal Evangelion 2 Fracture Evangelion 3 Quickening Eve no Jikan Fate/Prototype Fate/Stay night Fate/Stay night: Unlimited Blade Works Fate/Zero Full Metal Panic! Fullmetal Alchemist Gake no ue no Ponyo Ghost in the Shell Ghost in the Shell 2.0 Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence Hayate no Gotoku! Hentai Ouji to Warawanai Neko. Hotaru no haka Howl no Ugoku Shiro Hyouka Inu x Boku SS IS: Infinite Stratos IS: Infinite Stratos Encore - Koi ni Kogareru Rokujuusou K-On! K-On! Movie K-On!! Kannagi Karigurashi no Arrietty Kaze no Tani no Nausicaa Kiss x Sis (TV) Kurenai no Buta Love Lab Lucky*Star Majo no Takkyuubin Metropolis Mimi wo Sumaseba Mononoke Hime Neko no Ongaeshi Nyan Koi! Oda Nobuna no Yabou Omoide Poroporo Ookami Kodomo no Ame to Yuki Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai Specials Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai. Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai. Specials Ore no Kanojo to Osananajimi ga Shuraba Sugiru Paprika Pokemon Pokemon Advanced Generation Pokemon: Bokutachi Pichu Brothers -Party wa Oosawagi! no maki- Pokemon: Mewtwo no Gyakushuu Pokemon: Mewtwo! Ware wa Koko ni Ari Pom Poko Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi Stranger: Mukoh Hadan Summer Wars Suzumiya Haruhi no Shoushitsu Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu Sword Art Online Tamako Market Tamako Market Specials Tenkuu no Shiro Laputa Toaru Kagaku no Railgun Toaru Majutsu no Index Toaru Majutsu no Index: Endymion no Kiseki Toki wo Kakeru Shoujo Tonari no Totoro Tonari no Yamada-kun Toradora! Toradora!: Bentou no Gokui Toradora!: SOS! Vampire Hunter D Vampire Hunter D (2001) Watashi ga Motenai no wa Dou Kanagaetemo Omaera ga Warui! Yuru Yuri Yuru Yuri 2 Yuyushiki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/AkioSoao 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/IIKarnageII Forgot I made this lol 
 http://www.myanimelist.net/animelist/MsBloodyFallen Just to add some discussion to this, I find completing anime quite a hard task to be honest! I have to watch the anime with someone so I can enjoy some discussion about an episode with them. This has resulted in me starting a trend where I watch new, seasonal anime with Derek (we have tinychat open with live reaction and are typing or having voice reactions, its honestly hilarious) So. I think thats why I haven't really completed too many series :S 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ http://www.myanimelist.net/animelist/MsBloodyFallen Just to add some discussion to this, I find completing anime quite a hard task to be honest! I have to watch the anime with someone so I can enjoy some discussion about an episode with them. This has resulted in me starting a trend where I watch new, seasonal anime with Derek (we have tinychat open with live reaction and are typing or having voice reactions, its honestly hilarious) So. I think thats why I haven't really completed too many series :S Yeah I agree watching anime alone can make it really difficult. It's a lot more exciting when you are with other people cause everyone gets to share their personal reactions with each other. What sucks for me is that just about none of my friends like anime and the few who do don't watch it very much. At the same time though watching it alone has it's own rewards and in my opinion that's because it's easier to put yourself into the show. 
 I never made a list so I really have no idea. You could find a lot of them by going back through the "Last anime you completed" thread. I suspect a lot of my posts have been there. 

 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zo..._types=&page=1 This should be pretty much all of them(maybe forgetting a couple or so, but otherwise this is all of them), I'm upto 64 anime watched, and completed atm. It's shocking how they add up over the years, I would never have thought I've seen so many, but when you think about all the anime you've seen, damn anime multiplies lol. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/TheKingofHorror/anime I've watched a lot of series, dropped a lot, stalled a lot. Lol I guess recently though I don't watch anime as much as I used to. It's funny to think I used to marathon things in one sitting and now rarely do so at all. Though that could just be because, anime just isn't the same anymore at least in my opinion. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Here's my list of completed anime: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/Tod...atus=2&order=0 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 http://myanimelist.net/profile/Regnent 
 Originally Posted by The King of Horror http://www.anime-planet.com/users/TheKingofHorror/anime I've watched a lot of series, dropped a lot, stalled a lot. Lol I guess recently though I don't watch anime as much as I used to. It's funny to think I used to marathon things in one sitting and now rarely do so at all. Though that could just be because, anime just isn't the same anymore at least in my opinion. Yikes you have over 500 anime on the list in general, and it sounds like you should do more research before deciding if you should watch it(a ton of dropped, and stalled series in that list of yours, you're clearly doing something wrong). 
 Trying it is the best research there is. 
 Originally Posted by Regnent Trying it is the best research there is. It's fairly easy to tell if a anime is gonna suck, without needing to watch any ep at all, watching ep should happen only after you do a bunch of research on it first, and providing the research doesn't reveal many red flags. 
 That seems really strange to me, i would never research first. They are fun because i know nothing about it. Out of the 168 anime i remember, i have only disliked 3. I watch new things for several reasons: i find them on a list of works by a studio that i have seen other anime from, i see some art from it that i like the look of, i have heard or read a few people say it is good, it is new. They are all my reasons. Sometimes i find out what genre it is before i watch it, but otherwise, no research! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 The extent of my "research" would be going on the streaming site that I use and reading the anime's plot and checking out the genre that's pretty much it. No sense in researching everything you are interested in checking out because it'll feel like more work than anything plus you might find major spoilers. 
 I really like reading the preview/plot/storyline, have a look at the genres - maybe even check out some reviews. Then I might watch the first episode and if I find it interesting - I will continue onwards. 
 
  Spoiler 11eyes Angel Beats Aria the Origination Black Rock Shooter (movie) Bleach Blood+ Bokura Ga Ita Candy Boy Chaos;Head Clannad Claymore Code Geass Cromartie High School Danshi Koukousei no Nichijou Darker Than Black Death Note Dot Hack Sign Elfen Lied Excel Saga Eyeshield 21 Fairy Tail Fate Stay Night Full Metal Alchemist Ga Rei Zero Ghost Hunt Ghost In The Shell Heaven's Lost Property High School of the Dead Kaze No Stigma Kimi Ni Todoke Kino's Journey K-ON! Kuroshitsuji Love Hina Lucky Star Mahou Sensei Negima Maria+Holic Mirai Nikki Monster My Hime Naruto Naruto Shipuuden Neon Genesis Evangelion Ninja Scroll (movie) One Piece Ookami Kodomo no Ame to Yuki (Movie) Ore no Imoto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai Princess Mononoke (movie) Puella Magi Madoka Magica Seikon No Qwaser Sekirei Shiki Soul Eater Steins;Gate Strike Witches Sword of the Stranger (movie) The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya The Melancholy of Haruhi-chan Suzumiya To Aru Kagaku No Railgun Tonari no Kaibutsu-kun Trinity Blood Vampire Knight Zombie Loan ------------------------------------------- (some seasons) Sailor Moon Pokemon Digimon Bey blades Yugioh Zoids Not my full list, but can't be bothered getting the updated one off my HD. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/KillDogma I think mine's aight, but beware of my plan to watch list doe. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor It's fairly easy to tell if a anime is gonna suck, without needing to watch any ep at all, watching ep should happen only after you do a bunch of research on it first, and providing the research doesn't reveal many red flags. Ehh. Not to come off as rude, but that sounds really silly to me. Only watching anime that pass a research check? I'm happy I don't live by this logic as many animes bashed when doing research were actually good. Try going into an anime series without doing research and you may get more completions on your list. Any person who watched under 150 animes and attempt giving advice like this always confuse me. Picky people nowadays. 
Anime Casuals make me: 
 Originally Posted by Karnage At the moment this is all I have completed however there are a few more I just can't remember them. 1.Avatar the Last Airbender 2.Accel World 3.Air Tv 4.Angel Beats! 5.Afro Samurai 6.Basilisk 7.Black Blood Brothers 8.Baka and Test 9.Claymore 10.Clannad 11.Chobits 12.Dragon Ball Z 13.Digimon 14.Death Note 15.Desert Punk 16.Girls Bravo! 17.GunXSword 18.High School of the Dead 19.Highschool DXD 20.Kanon 21.Kaze No Stigma 22.Kimi Ni Todoke 23.Kenichi the MIghtiest Disciple 24.Love Hina 25.My Brides a Mermaid 26.Oda Nobuna no Yabou 27.Oreshura 28.Trigun 29.Tenchi Muyo GXP 30.Toradora! 31.Rurouni Kenshin 32.Samurai Deeper Kyo 33.Samurai Champloo 34.Sengoku Basara 35.Sword Art Online 36.Welcome to the NHK P.S. All shows like "Clannad After Story" I personally just consider to be an extension to the original show so I just combined them. Not an anime. I've never really kept track. I counted once a few years ago and got up to 300 and something, but I lost track. I don't think it's important. I like the way you said "Completed" though, like each was a jigsaw puzzle that took you a few hours, haha. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Originally Posted by ChatterboxZombie Not an anime. I've never really kept track. I counted once a few years ago and got up to 300 and something, but I lost track. I don't think it's important. I like the way you said "Completed" though, like each was a jigsaw puzzle that took you a few hours, haha. Yeah lol I thought about it a bit and avatar is just more of a complex children's cartoon. I also made my list right here http://myanimelist.net/animelist/IIKarnageII which worked out a lot better for me. 
