http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157323-Best-card-battle-anime-right-now
[Adventure] Best card battle anime right now?
 Crunchyroll has 20 simulcasted series continuing into the Summer slot, and of them I am counting at least 6 that seem to be of the card battle type. I have been into card games throughout my life, but the only card game type anime I have seen was yu-gi-oh back in the day. I was wondering if anyone had any recommendations on if one is worth watching? This seems to be a big theme right now. Series that seem to fit on Crunchyroll right now: - Majin Bone - Oreca Battle - Dragon Collection - Hero Bank - Future Card Buddy Fight - Cardfight! Vanguard 
Best Anime = Neon Genesis Evangelion
 Can't help you, but I find it interesting to know also...loved the Yu-Gi-Oh anime and the pokemon card game back in they day... 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Ironically, I have just finished watching the entire yugioh anime, about 224 episodes. It's pretty good and full of nastalgia, but it's painfully obvious when the voice actors change. 
  Spoiler 
 I watch Vanguard. You may like that. The main character is no Yami. He is more like your classic shounen series main character that starts out weak and end up being the strongest. All the magic and mystical stuff is also more tone down. You actually see them go to school and do things rather than just one duel after the next (even though they do have fights almost every episode) when compared to Yu Gi Oh! Buddy Fight is pretty much the same as Vanguard, except the main character is practically a prodigy. It is like a mix of technology and magic when it comes to the monsters/cards. I believe this is in english DUB only as I have yet to see a subbed version. However, considering the makers of this is the same as Vanguard, you can expect similarities. As a matter of fact, there is one episode early on where the main characters from Vanguard makes a cameo appearance in Buddy Fight. I do not know about the rest. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Majin Bone is not a cardfight game, it features bad-ass dudes using their "Bones" or elemental cards to get into animal inspired power-armor, and then beat the **** out of each other. Good comedy, decent character development and good animation. Still airing, still awesome. Vanguard is currently way too deep for someone who hasn't watched at least the last season. Personally, the current season is a bit grim story-wise but also hopeful, and has pretty slick new innovations in the mechanics of the Vanguard card game. So its cool in the drama department and enjoyable in the cardfight competitive aspect itself. I neglected to watch the other anime aside from the pilots when they were first released, and did not think I would enjoy them as a teenage boy, they were geared more towards the younger chillen. Best cardfight anime ever made was Yugioh 5Ds, hands down imo. Amazing anime, got everything right. Right now Yugioh Arc-V is airing, and is actually pretty enjoyable unlike that repulsive failure which was Yugioh Zexal. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Right now Yugioh Arc-V is airing, and is actually pretty enjoyable unlike that repulsive failure which was Yugioh Zexal. I thought Zexal was pretty good when the 7 Barian Emperors arc came around. People actually died! How often do you get that in a card game anime? All the arcs before that were a bit bad. The Zexal henshin was a bit... peculiar, though. Of course, the best part about Arc-V is the use of older summoning methods, instead of everyone just using the new summoning method. It also has that catchy theme song. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Majin Bone is not a cardfight game, it features bad-ass dudes using their "Bones" or elemental cards to get into animal inspired power-armor, and then beat the **** out of each other. Good comedy, decent character development and good animation. Still airing, still awesome. Thanks for that, Shmuser! I was kind of interested in Majin Bone but was turned off by the card game aspect. I might try it out now. To me though, the best card game anime I've ever seen is undoubtly Selector Infected WIXOSS (the next cour airing in fall will be entitled Selector Spread WIXOSS). It is amazing! But... I'm not too sure how somebody actually looking or card-game genre anime would find it. WIXOSS is to the card game genre what Madoka Magica is to the magical girl genre, or what M3 is to the mecha genre. Very dark stories which can be enjoyed by those who don't care for card games (or magical girls, or mechas) maybe even moreso than for those who do enjoy the genre. If you're looking for classic card game fighting, this is probably not what you're looking for. Either way though, I highly suggest you check it out. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Does selector infected wixoss count? I think it should. Though it just wrapped its first season. There is another season coming up. Its very touching. The characters are adorable but real. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 OMG Yoda you're freakin' right! WIXOSS was amazing. @Sakiya Forgive me, I didn't eve watch that far in to experience that arc. I wasn't as open-minded enough to tolerate the anime. ARC-V has a likable cast of characters, a cool innovation to Yugioh's mechanics, the Pendulum Summon (even though most claim it as broken as ****) and the return of my beloved Synchro Summons. Dude, when I saw the X-Sabers being used I literally went apeshit, that was so hype. I love the X-Sabers. 
 WIXOSS wasn't that dark, it was just grim. A "gothic" addition to the Cardgame genre imo. 
 Does the Kantai Collection count? The upcoming anime is going to be based off the popular card game by the same name.... 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
