http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155427-Thoughts-on-Hajime-No-Ippo-(manga)
 Thoughts on Hajime No Ippo (manga)
 So, I recently read all current 1046 chapters of Hajime No Ippo (last 7 were raw versions). What follows is my opinion on why it's one of my favorite sports manga as well as it's individual pros and cons. Spoilers if you haven't read it.. Synopsis: The story follows the highs and lows of Kamogowa Boxing Gym which features boxers across different weight classes in East Tokyo. The protagonist is none other than Makunouchi Ippo who goes from a bullied student in his local hometown to the potential hopes of Japan and his gym throughout his eventual boxing career within the Featherweight Division. ​Characters: The characters are well developed for the story. Along with Makunouchi, his other gym-mates that can be considered main cast are Takemaru, Aoki, Kimura, Ikatage (comes later), and the head trainer and second for the gym, Kamogawa. Rivals that fit in the main secondary cast are Miyata, Sendo, and Volg. All three of these boxers train in other gyms but are passed opponents from Makunouchi that the mangaka keeps relevant. I enjoy the way the main cast outside of Ippo is used well for comic relief, especially Takemaru and Sendo. Takemaru is Ippo's senpai and easily the most successful boxer within the gym. The story shows his rise from being a national ranker to his eventual winning of the Japanese Championship and 2 world titles. His plan in the story is to conquer 6 different weight classes, which he's done a good job of so far having stayed undefeated in his boxing career. He likes to give all the other members of the gym a hard time because he considers himself the best-granted he is. Sendo is a straightforward boxer within the Featherweight division who has fought Ippo twice already and has held the Japanese Featherweight Championship. His character just like his fighting style is straightforward against all odds-grit your teeth and push on, which I love. If I had to guess I would say that the mangaka never intended for him to stay around in the story but he was so popular that he kept him relevant after his matches with Ippo. For the main character it's a love-hate relationship. Despite his huge success in the boxing ring he has low confidence (still even to a degree in current chapters). He has a pathetic love relationship with a sister of one of the boxers he defeated while still a rookie which is ridiculously cliche. Despite all this though it does show him grow as a boxer and a person throughout the series in a well mannered way. Also, he's not untouchable, like any main character he wins most of the time and stays true to his awesome nature, but he has lost a match before and it did well to show how he grew from it. The character that's probably hated the most out of the ones listed is probably Volg. A lot of people think the mangaka is just continually trying to push him in the story when he doesn't belong in it. He makes random appearances throughout the manga since his debut and somehow does a good job of staying unrelievedly relevant. Art: No complaints with the art. A lot of times with manga that involves basic hand fighting as the manga goes on the fights seem to all blur into the same thing. This one still does that sometimes, but as Ippo grows we see his movements change in matches as well as how he does fundamental things like take punches, etc. Outside of boxing it's still pretty good. Sometimes there's a lack of backgrounds but I don't even care about that too much with this one. ​Plot Stupidity Fights: There is only one of these really. That would be when Ippo faces the Indonesian Champion who has a record of only 3 wins and 0 losses. The manga portrays him as a genius with no real equal destined to go to the top. It sort of diminishes the idea we've been working for the whole time with effort and training with the Komagawa gym. Despite Ippo winning, his coach said he would never fight him again because he would lose the next time. Despite all this he sort of falls off the radar after the fight. It just didn't make a lot of sense after Ippo had beaten boxers more talented than him with guts, grit, and believing in his second, but whatever. Back-story for Main Characters: This frustrates me sometimes. It took forever to find out how Ippo's dad died, and we still don't know much about his father's life despite hinting at it randomly being important to the plot. Story does well with secondary main cast like Takemaru, Miyata, Aoiki, Kimaru, etc. It gives just enough info about them to make you understand how they ended up like they are. The story also does well with back-stories from boxers who are fighting people within the main cast ranks, especially Ippo's-him being the main character and all. They're not all really repetitive either which is nice. I enjoy most of them actually and sometimes I even want to root against the main characters for someone else, haha. -- Will be back later with more on the manga, but let me hear your opinions to what I've said, etc. Also, thanks to Ian for the recommendation. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 I have been hooked on this anime for awhile... the Japanese voice actors are really awesome and I don't think the manga can quite capture a boxing match as well as the anime can. 
 
 Originally Posted by Mr.Totoro I have been hooked on this anime for awhile... the Japanese voice actors are really awesome and I don't think the manga can quite capture a boxing match as well as the anime can. I know what you mean, but it really does. The only sports series' I've ever seen and liked better than the manga was Chihayafuru which is an unorthodox sport's series. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 I loved Hajime no Ippo since I had first saw it. I've too, have sat down and went through the 1046 Chapters in a rapid pace. I can't even imagine how fans had felt attempting to get into this beast because the releases are so inconsistent. The one thing I hated about Hajime no Ippo is that the pacing is absolutely garbage. It did great early on, but in the midsection of where it is now... around Chapter 600 to about 900, it was probably the worst manga in history. Every fight was just another dude with some stupid gimmick. It was another fight where Ippo gets absolutely wrecked, only to come back on some random thing he came up with in the fight, or his fallback in reiterating, over and over again, that he wouldn't be where he is without Kamogawa and that he needs to trust him. Some 500+ chapters of that, and it gets stale really quickly. The readers get it, Ippo and Kamogawa share a bond that no other boxer in that gym will share, except for Takamura. Outside of that, there was one other lame plot device that not only was infuriating, but it transcends fans of DBZ's desire to see a fight between Goku and Vegeta.  Spoiler The MAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSIVE built up for a Ippo vs Miyata fight only for it to not happen. F---, That. While it was explained that many rivals in boxing have occurred and often cursed to never fight each other again, great god damn job of simulating the disappointment, Morikawa. Personally, I think some 200 chapters could've been removed from Ippo entirely and it would still achieve the same desired effect because there were fights that really didn't need to happen. When Ippo is relegated to filler just to have him do something in the background while Takamura and Miyata does some cool stuff, it's a poorly constructed plot device. Just forgo Ippo doing anything at all and focus on Takamura and Miyata alone, like Morikawa had done numerous times before. A lot of times, he builds all 3 characters at the same time. Around Chapter 800 or so, Ippo's plot thread was basically nonsense to the point of it not even needing to happen. Throwing in Itagaki into the mix was a bit silly as well. I think Morikawa is having a lot of difficulty juggling 4 strong boxers as is. He already had difficulty juggling 3, let alone 2. To be quite honest, I'm a bit tired of Aoki and Kimura as well. At this point, they should just phase them out like Kuririn and Tien. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
