http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?160007-Hard-drive-disk-malfunction
 Hard drive/disk malfunction?
 I've had a persistent problem with my computer that whenever I open up a game or skype it causes my pc to crash and mute sound. I temporarily fixed the problem (or so I thought) by reinstalling/updating my drivers. I thought I had it fixed unti it wouldn't let me play a different game, but it seemed to be working better than before. I do a couple of more scans using various programs as well as system scan but nothing to indicate it's a virus;seems to be a software problem. I do more scans and one of the scans tells me that my logitech is causing problems with my registry. I try to remove the logitech software (outdated) but it freezes and It wouldn't let terminate it. I reboot my computer only to tell me that my login service didn't work and it wouldn't let me log in. I go to safe mode and I manage to do a system restore. I attempt one more time to uninstall the software the conventional way again but it freezes one more, and when it freezes this time it says that I can't access my desktop, and i can't seem to access a bunch of files (music,desktop etc). As I attempt to do another task it freezes even worse and it crashes my windows explorer, deleting all the icons on my desktop and unable to access some files. I attempt to a system restore but it wont let me, multiple times. I also run a bunch of disk checks several times before I go to sleep with nothng working. i ended up using another program to manually remove logitech (which it did) but for some reason it ended up deleting a huge portion of my hard drive. It went from 50 gb left on your pc, to 670 gb left on your hard drive. It's prob nothing to do with logitech and prob just my hard drive being ****ed up. https://www.raymond.cc/blog/how-to-r...-and-scandisk/ thinking about using this to maybe recover the files? http://support.wdc.com/product/downl...&sid=3&lang=en also attempted to do a DLG for windows but it says windows wasn't working when I was trying to run this. I lost all my music, pictures, various things on desktop, and so many movies i had downloaded. I almost cried manly tears out of frustration. This is a tragedy. Any suggestions? 
 Sorry to hear that really.. I lost my ps3 last year and all my saves so I know some of the problem. Have you tried a fresh os install? That would be the only way try o know for sure if its the drive. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 First, if you can get anything left on disk backed up to a network share or USB do it now. Second, how did you run the chkdsk (out of curiosity)? Did you force it to run at startup time? I bet there's an option somewhere to do that and that's really the time to run it. Cause a disk can't be checked while it's in use by a program. There are two things to worry about with disks like that. There's the actual disk itself, then the filesystem. The filesystem is just the structure that holds all your info. chkdsk can normally check and try to repair those things, but from the sound of it, there might not be much left you can do. It's just very hard to recover items if the filesystem gets royally damaged. Edit: One thing I've done once or twice for people is take a linux live CD, boot it, mount the windows disk, and copy what I can if the filesystem is still intact that way. Might be a strategy to try here. Think I got the idea from an old user here once upon a time. Edit: Also thinking the tool you ran really could've deleted everything. It's a possibility. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 02-12-2015 at 06:44 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 The disk check was scheduled to run after the next reboot. So I would reboot before I go to sleep and let it run. yah it seems like the chk files might be unrecoverable. I can't checked to see if any of those programs work. the first seems to be able to work. Windows diagnostics might be my last resort but I can't runt hat either. Would you recommend I run the DOS version? I've always meant to back up my files but I don't know what to say. 
 You might try the DOS version if you're comfortable with it. So out of curiosity, does your OS boot at all now into a usable state? If all your stuff is gone and it's not workable, a reinstall might become your only option. You may want to save what you can and reinstall anyway. Just prepare your network drivers before you do if it's a laptop. You'll want those first thing. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 It's a windows 7 pc 64 bit, not a laptop. It's in a workable state just that lots of things have been tampered with and deleted which like you said are prob not restorable anymore. I'm not sure if it would still crash if I opened up games or certain programs. i'm kinda of not, and I doubt the DOS will fix it after disk checks and the DLG not being able to run. 
 Last edited by Zer0; 02-12-2015 at 11:12 PM. 
 Go ask CERN if you can stick it in the Collider for a couple seconds. Best of luck -That****ingguy~ 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 As said above, backup your stuff on a regular basis. Being an IT researcher, I can think of a thousand possibilities that lead to your problem. But, bottom line, be safe and backup regularly. My hard drive in my gaming rig failed once. Oh the horrors it unleashed... 
 It was only a matter of time... Now I am one with the night and stars again... Thank you, Rhyme's Law, for your signature art work.
 Always meant to back up my files but I didn't feel like spending money on external memory and thought It was likely that i wouldn't need to. heh i guess it bite me in the ass. Seems like 4-5 years is the lifespan of these things from wear and tear, unless you can buy ones with gold in them. 
 Buy a new hardrive and reload windows you pleb. We all know you've already backed up the weird porn. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
