http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155288-Have-you-ever-met-a-person-in-real-life-you-that-you-knew-from-a-forum-or-online-game/page2
[Personal Life Discussions] Have you ever met a person in real life you that you knew from a forum or online game - Page 2
 Two people. One I don't think went well, she caught me by surprise. She was actually from China. When we first started talking she was in China. She eventually came to the United States. Than one weekend she was suddenly in my city. That same weekend I was going out of town. So we met for a day but it was rushed. I showed her around the city, but I don't think it went well. I was not prepared. We still say hi to each other online sometimes. The other I went to her country and it was awesome. We hit it off. We are still very close. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 There have been a couple of people from A4 that are no longer here that I have met, along with a few people from another forum. All-in-all, had a blast each and every time. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 I met a few cool people here, and we still text from time to time but that's it really. 
Eri Ninamori: Why is that thing eating? What is it anyway? Kamon Nandaba: That's just our TV. [Canti gets up] Eri Ninamori: Why is it walking? Kamon Nandaba: Well, uh, it must be a TV-Walkman. Eri Ninamori: Sony brand? 
 Why the hell would I want to meet anyone from A4. I'd rather not. There are only a few people that I can think of that I could get along with. So the answer is nope and probably never will. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Ta-Ka Why the hell would I want to meet anyone from A4. I'd rather not. There are only a few people that I can think of that I could get along with. So the answer is nope and probably never will. You want to be ballz deep in Shikinami and everyone knows it. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler You want to be ballz deep in Shikinami and everyone knows it. Nope, shiki is a fgt. So are you 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I have life long friends from Xbox LIVE. I had what felt like potential life long friends on MSN, but, I was young and foolish then. We were just cybering. Anyway, from Xbox I met a girl who lived an hour away. We fell in love but it never went anywhere, and dragged out, and got kinda ugly, though we both love each other. =P We don't talk anymore. Then there's a guy who I would consider my best friend I met from XBL, we met about 5 years ago, and he was an angel. How we met was I was doing boosting on COD4 and usually you go back and forth with someone, getting headshots until the game is over. This guy, on the other hand decided he would get more joy from just letting people boost off him. Wowwwz. Das my dude right there. =] We get along like no other. We have probably talked more than several months worth of time, seriously. I've moved about 3 or 4 times since I met him, he has remained a constant. Love ya Seany! Shout out to my big bro! =D Btw he lives in Cali and we talked about being roommates but it never worked out. But yeah. =D We haven't talked much lately tho :[ Him and his damn on and off WoW addictions! :x There are many more close friends I have from online but that ain't what this thread is about. o.O 
 Originally Posted by sirnyder There are many more close friends I have from online but that ain't what this thread is about. o.O Feel free to start thread if you would like. I think it would be a really long list though 
 Years back I met a girl I used play with on Runescape. She lived the state over, but really close to the boarder. So we were able to meet a few times. Times gone by though and I very rarely talk to her now though, nothing bad happened we just both got busy and drifted apart. I also met a guy from another forum who happened to live in my state. I meet alot of Australians online but very few from SA. We had a convention around the corner when we started talking and decided to meet up. This was last year, will probably do the same this year too. I still talk to this guy, hes pretty cool to nerd out with. :P 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Totally! My best mate that I've known for 10 years now (I was a witness at his wedding a few months back) I met online. We met via a girl in the chatroom of this site (well actually, the other site, the one-that-must-not-be-named that came before this one). He was the boyfriend of that girl. When I went to the UK to study at uni, I met him in real life and we instantly became friends. Like, within 10 minutes: BFFs. I sure owe this place a lot for a tonne of awesome stuff in my life! 
Everything's fun for me. I see a peanut, the day's off to a good start. I witness some soil, it's a jamboree for Cain.
 unfortunately no . *sob .. 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 I've met two people from A4. I don't remember their user names but this was back when I was in high school and used to live in Florida. Also, I met one of best friends on a xbox live party 
 
 I've met one person from A4. Turned out well. I am planning on meeting up with some people at PAX East in a little over a month that I met on Twitch. I have also met a few people that I met playing games with online unintentionally. I went to visit a friend and a couple of the people that we played FFXI with he lived by. He had actually known them for years though so a little bit different of a situation. Profnutbutter has to make his way back to Boston sometime too so we can go to a Sox or a Bruins gamebecause even though he is asian he seems like a cool guy. :P 
 
 Its interesting to think about how many online acquaintences we might have met but never knew it. Just think about it. I mean we don't go around wearing name tags with our forum user names on it. Sent from my Eclipse-X using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 ive meet friends from psn and steam which was pretty cool. forum wise never though i think it has to do with the slight issue of being awkward on the internet i guess. Its like social awkwardness except its just on the internet. With some exceptions of certain people ive opened up to which has been few and far 
 Personally, no. But a friend of mine met his wife on maple story a few years ago. 
 http://fromtheshadowsofficial.bandcamp.com
 I have, back in Anime Expo 2005. Met a few of the A4 old gang back then. Great memories. 
 A4 veteran 2002, member # 88, back after a long hiatus. Got kicked out of a strip club due to tipping a stripper with a Filet-o-Fish.
 lolz. Yah, like 20 years ago. Used to goto BBS meets quite regularly. Met my wife on a BBS, found out she was going to goto my school, we never made a point of trying to meet, then proceeded to complain to her (online) about some new obnoxious chick at my school that really pushed my buttons. A week later we figured it out. I think it's an awsome story, the wife disagrees. 
 Only chance of that is two people. A super serious cod player from a video game and a guy from a basketball forum who has been in and out of jail so much. Might go to a baseball game sometime tho so... At least it's public and he can't kill me ) 

 In about a month, I'm about to meet roughly 15 or more people for the first time in person. I've also had about 3 relationships that started off online and went into real life. I can say about a 3rd of that went well. Also can say that I am much better at gauging a person's personality based on these experiences too. My two roommates now are also individuals I've had known online first beforehand. Great people, regrettable living situation... I'm a neat freak, they are not. It messes with my OCD. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Several people. Most notably, I spent nearly two months on the other side of the US with someone I met here on this very forum. 
Love forever, love is free. last.fm - steam 
 i've met four people from online. three of them were old guildmates of mine. we used to play this popular mmorpg back in the day, and after about five years of gaming together, we decided to meet up. even though we don't play that game anymore, we still remain close friends and stay in contact. the other person i met from online is someone i still game with on xbox and occasionally the pc if we find something interesting to play. he is probably my oldest online buddy and one of my best friends in real life. too bad he lives in another country, otherwise we'd hang out more. 
be. cause. you. don't. know us at all we laugh when old people fall. but what would you expect with a conscience so small?
