http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156289-(Original-Story)The-Dragon-Clans-The-Beginning
 (Original Story)The Dragon Clans: The Beginning
 It's been a while since I logged in here lol well, here's chapter 2. Constructive criticism is much appreciated  Spoiler CHAPTER 2 (Sano lays on the ground looking up at the mysterious boy while the boy looks directly at Sano; an icy cold look in his eyes. The boy is around 10ft away from Sano; the boy then suddenly assumes position as if he’s ready to take on Sano.) SANO: What? Why do you want to fight me? (The boy without hesitation charges at Sano full on. Sano quickly rolls over and dodges; his eyes widens as he sees the ground cracked by the boy's attack. Sano gets up and stares at the boy, he is surprised and wonders, how is that kid so strong?) SANO(THINKING): This kid is nothing compared to father, Sarah and the others but he's just like me; how is he so strong? (The boy charges at Sano once again and attacks him. All Sano can do is block and dodge the boy's attacks, but eventually the boy manages to land a few blows. The boy suddenly trips Sano; as he laid on the ground staring at the boy, Sano suddenly hears a voice; "Fight back if you do not want to die." It was Kira; Sano quickly remembering Kira's lesson's.) SANO: Damn it! (Sano suddenly gets angry while his right fist starts producing flames. The boy is seen surprised at Sano's sudden turn; Sano quickly gets up and attacks the boy with a punch aimed at his face, filled with flames. The boy quickly dodges, but not entirely as he is seen with a small bruise on his left cheek. SANO(THINKING) I did something? (The boy smirks, and goes straight at Sano once again. He immediately begins attacking Sano; Sano dodges, but now with new confidence, he begins to fight back.) SANO(THINKING): I can do this, just like Kira and father taught me! (As the fight resumes, Sano quickly starts showing signs of exhaustion. It doesn't take much for Sano to realize he is losing and before he knows it, he is suddenly blown away by one of the boy's bizarre attacks. All Sano felt was a sudden heavy wind blowing him away and crashing to a tree. Sano struggles to stand and before he knows it, the boy was standing right in front of him.) SANO(THINKING): N-no, please. (Sano stares at the boy with fear, but the boy suddenly smiles.) ROUMI: Wow, you're very strong! My name is Roumi, what's your name kid? (This surprises Sano as he sees Roumi extend his hand as if to help him stand up. A couple seconds ago they were just fighting a vicious battle, at least that's what Sano thought. Now this new kid called Roumi is being all friendly.) SANO: M-my name is Sano, and I'm not a kid. ROUMI: Really!? You sure look like one; hey are you one of those people they call midget!? SANO: Wh-what? I was just joking around. How are you so strong? You're barely breaking a sweat. ROUMI: Hehe, Master always says, let your opponent burn themselves out. Then, you hit em with everything you got! SANO: I-I don't get it. ROUMI: You're pretty strong too you know, you just waste too much energy on those fire attacks. I use my wind techniques to finish things off! SANO: S-so it must be true, you're from the Wind Dragon Clan aren't you? ROUMI: Yup, and you're a Fire Dragon right? Master always said you guys were dangerous, but when I saw you walking around I knew you were harmless, hehe. SANO: Us dangerous? That can't be right. ROUMI: Anyways, do you wanna be friends!? (Sano's heart suddenly skipped a beat, he didn't know how to respond to Roumi's question. All his life he was told to be cautious when meeting a Wind Dragon, at the same he had finally met someone who he could actually be friends with.) SANO(THINKING): Is this real? I mean I want to be friends, he seems pretty cool but, aren't Wind Dragons bad? ROUMI: Come on say yes, it'll be fun! I never had a friend before that was my age, I'm the only kid in the whole clan! (Sano didn't know how to feel hearing Roumi's words, he was just like him. No friends, the only kid in their respective clan; he finally met someone he can relate to. Sano then smiles.) SANO: Ok, let's be friends! ROUMI: Yes! (Roumi was filled with joy; like Sano, he finally met someone like him.) ROUMI: We're gonna have lots of fun! SANO: Hehe, I'm sure we will. ROUMI: ...what should we do now? SANO: Damn it Sarah, I mean...wait, where is Sarah anyway? ROUMI: Ahh I know! Let's explore more of the forest and protect the small animals! Titi always told me, "Protect those that cannot protect themselves." SANO: I don't think I can, father always said not to go pass the Fire Dragon's territory. ROUMI: Aww that sucks. SANO: Why don't we play...tag! You're it! (Sano tags Roumi and starts running away. Roumi is left behind and is confused as to what's going on. Sano laughs and looks back; he notices Roumi is still standing there. He stops and heads back to Roumi.) SANO: Huh? What's he doing? ROUMI: Why did you run away? SANO: Um, have you ever played tag? ROUMI: Nope. Is that some type of race? SANO: Hmm, kinda. When I tag you or touch you, I have to run away and you have to try to catch me or tag me. Once that happens, you have to run away and I have to tag you. ROUMI: Ah, I see...in that case, you're it! SANO: What? Hey that's not fair! (Roumi runs away while Sano starts chasing him; both laughing. The boys played and enjoyed themselves till sunset.) ROUMI: Hahahaha! That was fun! (Sano is shown panting.) SANO: Roumi, was it necessary to put that stick up that Jaguar's butt? ROUMI: But he was about to eat that lil monkey! Plus...it was pretty funny, hahaha. SANO:…yeah that was pretty funny, hahaha! ROUMI: Wow, I haven't had this much fun in a long time! SANO: Me too! Aww, the sun is setting, if I don't go home soon father is going to be very worried. ROUMI: That sucks. Hey we should meet tomorrow again! SANO: That's what I was thinking! Is ok for us to play again tomorrow? ROUMI: Of course! We're friends! (Suddenly, they both hear someone yelling Sano's name; and out nowhere, Sarah appears from the bushes and rushes at Sano.) SARAH: My baby! I been looking all over for you! Oh? Who's this? SANO(THINKING): Oh no, Sarah doesn't know that we're friends. SARAH: He's a...he's a cutie! (Sarah drops Sano and charges at Roumi; hugging him.) ROUMI: Wh-what's going on!? Who is this person, Sano? (Sano was relieved, for a second there he thought she would attack Roumi seeing as he is a Wind Dragon.) SANO: That's Sarah, my sister. SARAH: He's so cute! Is he your friend Sano!? ROUMI: Hehe, Titi used to hug me like this too. SANO: You been gone for a long time Sarah, where were you? (Sarah lets Roumi go.) SARAH: I...hmm...what did happen? SANO: Sigh, you're always lost, Sarah! SARAH: That's right! I got lost so I suddenly got sleepy and took a nap. When I woke up there were two Wind Dragons surrounding me trying to do something naughty. Of course, I took care of them, hehehe. ROUMI: Wind Dragons? Wow you beat them all up!? You must be really strong, wanna fight? (Both Sano and Sarah were surprised hearing Roumi's words.) SARAH: Cute things like you shouldn't be fighting a lady, hehehe. ROUMI: Aww come on, I'm pretty strong you know. I might be a Wind Dragon but I'm not as weak as those other guys you fought. SARAH: Oh? That's right, you ARE a Wind Dragon. SANO(THINKING): Damn it Roumi, why did you have to say you're a Wind Dragon? SARAH: Maybe we should have a little fight. (Roumi’s expression was filled with joy, while Sarah had unsettling grin on her...) 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE...I DARE YOU...  Spoiler Memeber Of The Dragon Ball Social Group Leader Of The Namek Division 
