http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151411-Pokemon-Origins
[Adventure] Pokemon Origins
 Pokemon Origins Pokémon Origins, known in Japan as Pocket Monsters: The Origin (ポケットモンスター THE ORIGIN Poketto Monsutā Za Orijin), is a Japanese anime television special based on Nintendo's Pokémon franchise. Unlike the on-going television series, this special features the setting and characters from the original video games Pokémon Red and Blue. Animation is handled by Production I.G, Xebec, and OLM, Inc., and the special is split into four parts, each directed by a different director from these studios. It was broadcast on TV Tokyo on October 2, 2013, ten days before the release of the X and Y video games, and will be streamed internationally on Nintendo's Pokémon TV service from November 15, 2013. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Does this mean we are going to get to see Red in action, RED?! And not some loser that can never win any leagues? They should have done this a LONG time ago. 
 Last edited by Sakiya Rumei; 10-05-2013 at 11:37 PM. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Saw the first episode and you can just tell the difference right off the bat between red and ash. If they honestly made this into a series with red I'd be hooked, he makes ash look like a complete bum in every way. Looking forward to watching the other 3 episodes. 
 Thanks for making the topic, I was too lazy. This show is pure unmitigated fanservice for all of us faithful fans who have been playing for the past 17 years. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 HAHAHA! I was to lazy to. lmao Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here Thanks for making the topic, I was too lazy. This show is pure unmitigated fanservice for all of us faithful fans who have been playing for the past 17 years. 
 Narus 
 Yeah, really enjoyable OVA. Definitely wouldn't mind some sequels covering the rest of the games, honestly. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Yeah, really enjoyable OVA. Definitely wouldn't mind some sequels covering the rest of the games, honestly. I'd like a gold and silver one...but that's all. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 "Do you want to give your pokemon a nickname?" That was one of the few parts that really made me want to facepalm, but in saying that the story overall is alot more relatable then the original. I think this is all due to how it is portrayed and the type of characters they've chosen and the direction of the story. I personally thought Ash was a bit of a dopey character. He had a Pikachu that didn't want to evolve, a Charizard that didn't listen to him and he found all his starters. Then when he went to a new zone he gave up all his pokemon all the time. T_T Bah!!! Anyways I've only seen the first one so far and I'm enjoying it so far. I found it interesting how Brock chose 2 pokemon to vs Red out of a possible 6. That was an aspect that I never really thought of as it sort of relates to the later games how when you re-verse Gym Leaders they can have different or even stronger Pokemon. Something the originals lacked. It also brings in the idea that all the Gym Leaders don't have to be versed in an certain order. I'm also curious to see what Red's later pokemon are gonna be and whether Green has a Radicate that possibly dies and becomes the Ghost in Lavender town. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 i dont know why i watched the first episode but im glad i did. it was pretty good. it is way better than the original show where team rocket would fly in, sing a song, and get easily beaten. reds stupidity was a little annoying but i suspect that will end in the next episode. 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I've watched it over the course of a few days and it was really good. So  Spoiler Charizard X appears at the end of the last episode to kick some Mewtwo butt , who cares. This is really just a bit of fanservice to celebrate X/Y's release. It was a great idea and a great watch. Don't need anything else. Next step: release of the games! 
 
 I thought this was really awesome. The opening where you see the new game screen and oak talking about the world of pokemon was really surreal. loved every minute of it wouldnt mind one for gold and silver either. and loved the animation and the fight scenes. really good overall 
[IMG][/IMG]
 ... Is it a movie or a series? If it was broadcast oct 2, how'd you see all the episodes >.>? Or a 4 episode anime of the entire gen 1 game? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured ... Is it a movie or a series? If it was broadcast oct 2, how'd you see all the episodes >.>? Or a 4 episode anime of the entire gen 1 game? All four episodes aired on the same day. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Yeah 4 episodes cover the entire gen 1 game. It was actually done very well and at the same time went a long way in promoting Pokemon X and Y. The last fight in the final episode was insane, I didn't think i would see something like that in a Pokemon anime lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz Yeah 4 episodes cover the entire gen 1 game. It was actually done very well and at the same time went a long way in promoting Pokemon X and Y. The last fight in the final episode was insane, I didn't think i would see something like that in a Pokemon anime lol  Spoiler I seem to remember beating Mewtwo with I believe my Dragonite and possibly a Chansey. Mega Evolutions... Pfth... Kids these days are wrapped up in cotton wool and rely too much on the hand holding. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Hmm, I was really disappointed in the 4 episode Tales of Symphonia... but then again that is a longer game, and the reviews here seem good, I'll give it a watch. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Is-Is Red Naruto? 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Is-Is Red Naruto? Indeed he is. 
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Is-Is Red Naruto? No. Naruto is Red. Naruto wishes he could be half the badass that Red is. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here No. Naruto is Red. Naruto wishes he could be half the badass that Red is. Down boy. They meant the VA, because it's the same chick. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Down boy. They meant the VA, because it's the same chick. Unfortunately, the voices are so much alike it irks me a bit. Every time I hear Red talk, I am thinking, "get out, Naruto!" 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Struggler Down boy. They meant the VA, because it's the same chick. I know. That changes NOTHING. RED. IS. GOD. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 i wish there was a better fight between red and green. i know they only had 4 episodes but i wish they spent more time on that battle 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I dunno, I haven't seen the Naruto anime in so long I didn't even realize that haha. Kinda fits though, given Red's general attitude and disposition. 

 Even though it was kind of morally streamlined like an episode of Thomas the tank engine, the battle choreography was just amazing... I think the real reason a lot of people like this though is just the extra attention on the Pokemon world that most people know, the games. The anime always seemed to be sort of disparate fromthe story and experience of playing the games, but this got as close as I think it's ever been... Magnanimous, progressive, angsty and just sort of exhilarating and satisfying on a really basic level... Still pissed that Red lost to green in that first match though. Some players may be that scrubby but I've never lost to a rival in any pokemon game... Also I always name them Scotty. 'Cause Scotty doesn't know, Scotty doesn't Know, so don't tell Scotty~ 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
