http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151607-favorite-non-anime-cartoon
 favorite non anime cartoon
 Need i explain. Alright fine what is your favorite non anime cartoon. Mine would be...well in truth i have several favorites but one would definitely be gargoyles. This was like the coolest show that disney did in the 90's if not ever. It had everything. Action, drama, romance, adventure, suspense, adventure, supernatural elements, and of course living gargoyles. 1,000 years ago, superstition and(or was it ''in''?) the sword ruled. It was a time of darkness, it was a world of fear, it was the age of Gargoyles. Stone by day, warriors by night. We were betrayed by the humans we had sworn to protect. Frozen in stone by a magic spell for a thousand years. Now here in Manhattan....the spell is broken! AND WE LIVE AGAIN!! We are defenders of the night! We are Gargoyles! Some of my other favorites include ben 10/alien force/ultimate alein, batman/beyond, superman, yugioh, justice league/unlimited, teen titans, star wars the clone wars, men in black, extreme Ghostbusters, and of course power rangers 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 10-10-2013 at 03:16 AM. Reason: merged because 2nd post is a list post on it's own aka spam 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 The Simpsons without a quarter of a doubt with Home Movies following behind. Bebop takes them both but of course as anybody SHOULD know, that's a Japanese cartoon. Johnny Quest Toonheads Space Ghost South Park It ain't a spoiler, there's just a home video.  Spoiler 
 1. Mighty Max. Being a kid in the 90s had this great benefit. Still waiting on a DVD release for this. 2. Gargoyles. 3. Darkwing Duck. 4. Cyber Six (a nickel to anyone who remembers this cartoon and comic). Mighty Max is definitely a 10/10 for me. It even had those cheesy end credit life lessons. Like, the locations they visited around the world, etc. Kids these days don't get that.. hell, they probably need it more than ever with the invention of FB. Edit: Ahhh, Definitely the Avatar series; both. And by far, Batman Beyond. Even JL. I can't believe I left any of those out. 
 Last edited by Demon Eyes Kyō; 10-09-2013 at 08:31 PM. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Id go with the Avatar franchise for sure. I really enjoy the entire world they created and expanded from the beginning of the last airbender series all the way intothe current legend of korra series. My other favorites are comic related. Series like Batman, Justice League, Teen Titans, X-men, and Young Justice were all amazing. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 - Batman The Animated Series. -Batman Beyond. - Justice League. -Aqua Teen. -The Boondocks. I've seen a bit of The Legend of Korra and that was amazing. I've yet to complete it, but definitely hope to watch it through. Of course there's many kids' cartoons that I loved growing up like, Super Friends, Captain Planet, Swat Cats, Gargoyles, Johnny Quest, Scooby Doo, Tom & Jerry, Loony Tunes, Johnny Bravo, Ed, Edd & Eddy, etc. Basically all the classic cartoons that broadcasted during the 1990's. Teen Titans & X-Men were pretty awesome too. I also like some cartoons from that era, that were broadcasted primarily on Nickelodeon and other networks. There's also more recent, mature themed cartoons that I watched as a teen like Family Guy & Robot Chicken, which I also enjoyed. Tbh, American cartoons that are not comedies and actually have various mature themes, are a rarity, which is one big reason I like anime so much. 
 Last edited by The_Archangel; 10-09-2013 at 07:55 PM. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Hey Arnold, always watched it when it was on, he has the best room too. Also liked Batman Beyond, its just cool, but that's just how I thought of it when I was young. 
 Yeah Gargoyles was definitely one of my favorite cartoons growing up. I really need to pick up a dvd, cause I never finished watching the series. Another favorite from my adolescence was Aeon Flux. Violence, Sex and Surreal story lines were a big draw and I still appreciate its Avant-garde qualities. Daria was also an awesome cartoon that I really identified with. Was sort of an outsider in HS with a couple really good friends, so Daria's character really spoke to me. I discovered Invader Zim in college and couldn't believe how dark this "kids cartoon" really was. Watch "Dark Harvest" on youtubes and you'll see what I'm talking about. As for newer stuff, Venture Brothers is probably my favorite because it's such a great grown up homage to the "adventure" cartoons of my youth. 
 I pretty much love M.A.S.K - Mobile Armored Strike Kommand. It follows Matt Tracker and a bunch of his friends who are secretly part of M.A.S.K, a group of people who have transforming vehicles and masks that have special powers, which they use to fight crime and evil. Also Transformers, which... doesn't really need an explanation. 
 Some of my favorite cartoons were Doug, Rugrats, and Hey Arnold!. One of the more recent series on Cartoon Network that I also enjoyed was "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack." I am disappointed it didn't air for very long. 
 Haha, I remember finding out stuff Like 'Mysterious Cities of Gold (best intro ever. Ever), Jayce And The Weeled Warriors, Ulysses 31 etc were joint Japanese + western production. Glaring omissions - Centurians. Gummi Bears. Angry Beavers. Transylvanian Petshop. Bikermice From Mars. Bucky O'Hare. Visionaries. Spawn (I think this was Korean, lol). Rocko's Modern Life. The Critic. Dr Katz. And of course, the most underrated cartoon of the 90s....Dave The Barbarian. Here's the first episode. Don't say I don't look after you. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Jesus Christ, The Critic! ****ing loved that show. Back when Jon Lovitz had somewhat of a career. I watched all four seasons of that show. The re-imaging return of a "webisode" show really stunk though. I didn't like that. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Off the top of my head my favorite non anime cartoons were.... 1.) Transformers (the original one) 2.) He-man 3.) Ducktales 4.) The Jetsons 5.) Pirates of Dark Water 6.) Thundercats (original one not the remake) 7.) Chip and Dale rescue Rangers 8.) Mutant Football League 9.) Darkwing Duck 10.) Gummi Bears 11.) Ren and Stimpy 12.) The Flinstones 13.) The Smurfs 14.) Captain N the Game Master 15.) Go Bots 16.) Pink Panther 17.) GI Joe 18.) Ghostbusters 19.) Beetlejuice 20.) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (the original one) 21.) Inspector Gadget Yeah...as a kid I watched a lot of saturday morning cartoons. :3 Thats all my ol skool cartoons, currently my favorites 1.) Family Guy 2.) The Simpsons 3.) Adventure Time 4.) Regular Show 5.) Chowder 6.) Axe Cop 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by Volk Yeah Gargoyles was definitely one of my favorite cartoons growing up. I really need to pick up a dvd, cause I never finished watching the series. Another favorite from my adolescence was Aeon Flux. Violence, Sex and Surreal story lines were a big draw and I still appreciate its Avant-garde qualities. Daria was also an awesome cartoon that I really identified with. Was sort of an outsider in HS with a couple really good friends, so Daria's character really spoke to me. I discovered Invader Zim in college and couldn't believe how dark this "kids cartoon" really was. Watch "Dark Harvest" on youtubes and you'll see what I'm talking about. As for newer stuff, Venture Brothers is probably my favorite because it's such a great grown up homage to the "adventure" cartoons of my youth. Just a heads up but if you're still planning on buying the gargoyles dvds to this date they've only released season one and season two volume one. They have yet to release the rest of season two or season three. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I always liked Hey Arnold, Rocko's Modern Life, Doug, and Ren and Stimpy. I feel like the new cartoons can't compete with these (although I have seen a few episodes of Adventure Times and it was pretty funny). 
 Yeah the older i got i became less and less interested in those kinda shows with no real plot. In fact i think the only shows like that i really watched were shows like goosebumps or buzz lightyear of star command or adventures from the book of vertues 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 It may just be rose-tinted glasses, but I've watched new versions of shows I used to love as a child, most notably Pink Panther & Friends, and compared to the original it's terrible. The whole basis of the Pink Panther cartoons were the "silent protagonist" style the main character had. It was pure slapstick comedy. The new show just lacks intelligence, and worst of all, Pink Panther TALKS. Ugh. 
 Some of my favorites were Scooby Doo, Teen Titans, Tiny Toons, Billy & Mandy, Power Puff Girls. Oh man, I majorly loved the Power Puff Girls! lmao. And I remember when I used to collect like memorabilia too from all of those favorite TV shows like clothes, cups, jewelry. I still have some of that stuff too. LOL. Oh, and when I was REALLY young my mom would like dress me up in all kinds of Disney themed clothes! Lol. I'm sure there were many other shows I loved obviously!~ Dunno, i'm kinda tired and drawing a blank atm.xD Anyway, those are like the top five I guess..^^ 
 
 If I can remember Tom Jerry and Looney toons were the only one I watched all the time on the boomerang channel 
 Hell yeah, Power puff girls all the way. 

 If it isn't Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors or Turtles I don't even want to know. 

 Should be no surprise to anyone. My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic. Others are: Foster's Home Of Imaginary Friends Code Name: Kids Next Door Powerpuff Girls (all 3 created by Lauren Faust, along with MLP) Doug Rocko's Modern Life Rugrats Cow & Chicken Johnny Bravo Dexter's Lab Ed, Edd, & Eddy Spongebob Squarepants (who can hate Spongebob?) Little Bill Courage The Cowardly Dog Aqua Teen Hunger Force Space Ghost South Park Family Guy Simpsons Futurama Invader Zim (a VERY BIG favorite of mine) And basically anything that was on Nick or CN during the 90s and early 2000s. F**k Disney, except for The Proud Family. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Back then I loved to watch Fosters Home for Imaginary Friends. I also enjoined Tom and Jerry, Scooby Doo, Loony toons, Swat Kats, Edd Ed and Eddie, Jonny Brovo, Jonny Quest, Sponge Bob, Fairy Odd Parents, and I'm sure there's more that I can't remember. My my favorite non anime cartoon of all time is Symbionic Titan. I was so upset when they cancelled it on such a ridiculous cliffhanger. 
 I thought i was the only one who liked that show 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I have like a zillion faves thoughout the years. In no particular order Scooby Doo - I loved Shaggy. I also loved the antics of the cast as they captured the bad guy. And though the plot and overall rundown never changed, I think I had a fascination with the different myth/lore often associated with why the bad guy was real. Jabber Jaw - Similar to Scooby Doo BUT it took place completely underwater. I always loved marine life so... Hong Kong Phooey - He reminded me of Kelly Jones. Street Sharks - Sorta like the shark version of TMNT Swat Katz - Killer Katz, auto mechanics, my inner tomboy went apeshit to watch this. The Boondocks - based off my fave comic strip. What's not to love Tom & Jerry - I'm talking Tom & Jerry fromt he 80s and 90s and no that BS produced in the last 5 years. I also loved the movie "Tom & Jerry The Movie" which featured characers like Droopy, his son, Spike, and actual plot. Recent Tom & Jerry movies of recent years lack plot and character development. Whacky Races - No more how he attempted to rig the races, the best drivers still always won. Phineas and Ferb - I am mostly in this for the title characters and the song sequences. Hey Arnold - Helga. I was in this for Helga. That and I always hoped I'd figured out what Arnold's last name was. Detention - crime fighting kids in a school building. "Crime" is a bit of a stretch. Recess - Ashely Spinnelli. No more. Pepper Ann - I identified with Pepper. Her and her clique. The Animaniacs - I don't really have a reason. It kept me entertained and that's about it. Batman: the Animated Series - Same reason I loved the comic I loved the series. As far as I'm concerned of all of DC's ventures, Batman was the one that seemed to have the most well thought out villains The Zeta Project - Essentially a sentient robot created to kill but is as harmless as the can be. The Jetsons - it was impossible to hate this show. Topcat - I feel a tiny bit bad if you don't like this Johnny Quest - The 80s version that pretty much carried over from the 60s had subpar graphics. The later version had top of the line graphics, maintained the high standard for plot and intrigue. The Secret Squirrel - I didn't particularly like it initially because it seemed stupid. And it was. But my little sister loved it and over time it grew on me. The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show - My favorite part were the fractured fairytales. And the Russians. Charlie Brown - snoopy Doug - The people were kinda odd and had strange names. The character development was slow. But it's something you could watch and follow even if you missed episodes. Bobby's World - a staple of my childhood pretty much. Rugrats - The life and thoughts of a baby. That kinda thing just appeals to me. Daria - Oh yes. Reboot - my whole family loved this. Being able to travel to different realms... Pretty much the Matrix. SpongeBob Squarepants - don't judge me. My fave episode is the Band one where Squidward needs to create a band for a performance to upstage his arch rival. I'm a band nerd. Also the episode where SpongeBob and Squidward compete for employee of the month. Fave character is probably Squidward tied with Sandy the squirrel. At one point I was so obsessed with this show I told a guy I loved his teeth because they reminded me of spongebob. (Moral to this story is if you're gonna approach a guy you like and never spoke to him before.... pre-plan something to say in advance.) Invader Zim - See Daria Bubble Guppies - I love animation and always will. There is nothing I won't give at least one shot. I stick with Bubble Guppies because I love the songs. If I lost any cool points for having this on my list.... I used to have to watch his and other eTV series and schedule them to air as well as commercials that aired before and after each. Beetle Juice - Something of a dark comedy for kids, I loved this because Beetle Juice was a freak but the master of his universe you know? Pirates of Darkwater - Tula. Kick ass character. The Cramp Twins - Funny as ****. I really don't think this was aimed at children. Hilarious Sabrina the Teenage Witch - The Animated Series. I used to have to sneak and watch this show. I think I liked it because it was a secret thing to do. Braceface - I never had braces but I dealt with all the insecurities and fears that plagued Sharon who handles her own in spite of braces that caused so much bad luck. Also the episode where she gets her period while on a date and her date calls 911 because he thought cramps were a fatal disease. Felix the Cat - See Topcat. Ok not that cool. But entertaining as all hell. She-Ra: Princess of Power - See Pirates of Darkwater He-Man - it had a bit more action that the run of he mill Hanna Barbera stuff. The Flintstones - See the Jetsons. And there's like 4 others I can't remember the names of. Gah. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Care Bears-original Rainbow Brite-original My Little Pony-original Pound Puppies-original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles-original Inspector Gadget Power Puff Girls South Park Family Guy Daria X-Men Doug Roco's Modern Life Ren & Stimpy Rugrats Scooby Doo 2 Stupid Dogs Bobby's World Adventures of Sonic The Hedgehog 
