http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156912-Tokyo-Ghoul/page5
[Horror] Tokyo Ghoul - Page 5
 There was just one thing that bothered me about this episode. Why the hell was this not the last episode of the first season, instead of the first episode of the second season!? They split up the finale in the middle of a battle, and totally interrupted the flow of momentum. Coming back to it after skipping a whole cur, you could barely remember what was going on. It was a really awkward place to leave off, but if they had just aired one more episode, the end of this episode was the PERFECT place to end off the last season. :/ 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Well, I believe it's all about the ending! For Root A, it appears that the story is taking a different direction than the manga. Why have that surprise at the end of the first season, who's conclusions had everyone amazed at how badass Kaneki had become? Two surprises after the other don't really work out so much, and I think introducing the entire concept of Kaneki joining Aogiri is a much better hook for the first episode of the sequel than it is for the ending to the first season. Why? Well, people lose the hype and begin expecting things more when the new plot direction is revealed. I agree that the cut-off point was really ****, but the thrilling hook of Root A's pilot was well worth it, it blindsided so many people. 
 C'mon give me more Kaneki action (oOo)/ 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I watch Tokyo Ghoul, it's all pretty good, I like the part how he turns into a badass when his hair changed. 

 Aogiri is doing work with Kaneki. It seems like everyone, even Kaneki's friend, is entering a new period of their life. That intro was rocking though, the strongest Investigator was shown. Also, all those girls at the ending! The cafe is back, yay! 
 Loved the first season of this series very much. It's sort of different from what I normally watch but, I just was hooked for some reason. Haha. I'm thrilled about the new season. Love it so far ^O^ I haven't read the manga, so I don't know for sure, but it seems like Kaneki wants to play spy lol. Just my theory. No one spoil me. =P 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 Honestly, I think the manga art is far far better than the anime art, but thats to be exptected. Spoiler about the aogiri arc, I'm not sure if the anime's reached here.  Spoiler Have they done the scene where yamori tortures kaneki yet? I wanna see how the anime does this. 

 This thread needs a nice bump since I just started watching season 2 I have to admit I haven't read the manga, so I'm still in the "oh what's going to happen?"-mode, but I can't wait for the next episodes to come out, I really love that show^^ 
 Touka x Ken still has life to it. The Author is revealed! It's Dr. Ringo Star! Jesus Chrsti, the cry-baby is so noisy, but Ken did a good thing even though he hates Jason and what the bastard did to him. Ken's got such good friends, it's so sad to see that he left them for his own reasons. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 What I ate the most were the censorships... but after all Tokyo Ghoul is pretty good. I hope it won't end in a trivial way.... 
 I currently watching Tokyo Ghoul Root A too. I hope they will do something from episode 3 onwards. I haven't read the manga, so I don't know what's happening there, but I'm getting bored seeing characters walking through the city all episodes. 
 Well.. I don't want to spoil anything but the manga is f***ing awesome! The rest of the episodes from anime will be awesome too. So keep watching it folks cuz it's just amazing. 
 Season Two (aka Root A) is different from the manga. The other manga, Tokyo Ghoul: RE is the sequel to the Tokyo Ghoul manga and has its own story-line. I don't know about the light novels though. Root A is an awesome concept, because instead of people knowing what's going to happen or have a large head-start on the upcoming story, it's an alternate storyline where Ken makes different choices that hugely impact the story. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Finished the first season not too long ago. Not a huge fan... 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 Amon's got a real gritty childhood, chilling stuff! That entire chapter of prison security got REKT, it was so brutal that I just could not help but realize how pointless locking Ghouls up is. The fight scenes with Amon and Akira were so awkwardly slow, I didn't feel any thrill because of how deliberate everything seemed to be...that was odd for this episode. Juzo knows the Half-Eyed Twins, that's actually interesting! I love how apeshit bananas Naki can get, why did Akira just let herself be hurt by him though? At least the Amon and Akira relationship is developing...even if it results...in...well, nevermind this is an alternate storyline so things may be different! Juzo, don't bring your messed up mind to the twins, get away from them ye' bastard! Oh look, it's Ken getting the **** beaten out of him again by some brute guy who's so much stronger than he is, like, why the hell are those two even fighting anyways - why the hate on Rize?! OH MY GOD THE CENTIPEDE IS MANIFESTING 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Season Two (aka Root A) is different from the manga. The other manga, Tokyo Ghoul: RE is the sequel to the Tokyo Ghoul manga and has its own story-line. I don't know about the light novels though. Root A is an awesome concept, because instead of people knowing what's going to happen or have a large head-start on the upcoming story, it's an alternate storyline where Ken makes different choices that hugely impact the story. Yeahh. I hope we wont get plot holes for this season. It's a often the case for adaptations that deviate from their sources. I'm quite perplexed the Tarzan guy came out and started fighting kaneki ( who freed him) 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Ayato don't you dare to die at that guys hand!! Kaneki quick finish this guy off and Go help your BOYFRIEND! How does that creepy white haired dude and the twins know eachother?? Such an awesome episode... Amon living with a creepy ghoul priest Hahahahah who knows what kind of ''things'' that priest did to him!Hahahaha 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 That post...filled with cringe. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 I wanted to ask is it worthed to read Tokyo Ghoul manga? I read few pages, but the art style doesn't suit my tastes... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 I wanted to ask is it worthed to read Tokyo Ghoul manga? I read few pages, but the art style doesn't suit my tastes... The manga is far better than the anime. 

 Buuuut battles in ep. 4 were too weak, or am I wrong? 
 Yo, episode four had truly ugly battle scenes. The Tokyo Ghoul manga is a different storyline from Root A, also the sequel to the original manga is also a true follow-up to the original manga...the thing is it starts off with a lot of unanswered questions that the original manga ended off with and never explained well. Things might change though. Read the manga, always. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Yes, original works are always better. However it's a pity, the beginning was pretty good... I hope that we must not wait for the last episode to see something exciting. 
 Rei's such a dick to the twins, I wish they were more buddy-buddy. Also, that blurry censorship is just lame, but what can you do? There was no time wasted in showing Ken's new centipede-form, there wasn't much literal explanation to it as well...and he looks cray-cray. More twin drama! The jumbling piano music in the background was odd, but also oddly fitting. Ken the Crazy, our main man is going bananas! The entire scene between Amon and Ken WAS ****ING AWESOME, GREAT MUSIC AND ACTION...emotional too! Oh my goodness, that ending was stellar! Owl is huge! 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Did he kill and eat up the armor guy......? 0-: 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
