http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?105255-Windows-7-Early-Reflections-and-Experiences
 Windows 7 - Early Reflections and Experiences
 So, where to begin this story. About a couple weeks ago, I picked myself up a new desktop, decent for my ends (Not a gamer by any stretch of the imagination, so I saved myself a mint by shopping around for something with an average graphics card) - AMD Phenom X4 Quad-Core processor, 8GB DDR2 RAM, 750GB SATA harddrive - nothing too wild. I wanted to finally make the switch to 64-bit Windows, and I needed a 64-bit solution to run Ubuntu and CentOS on because my development computer in my research lab just doesn't cut it for the memory-intensive operations I do (I work in GIS and a lot of what I do involves slicing and working with 3-5GB GeoTIFF files that sap memory up quick). But I digress. Got the new desktop and then it came to my attention that my computer science department's MSDNAA was offering Windows 7 64-Bit Professional, the RTM. Unfortunately, my account had been disabled and I had to resolve this. Then, it just so happens that the day it gets reactivated, they removed it in favor of the RC1 again. Yeah, lame. But a saving grace came in the form of my IEEE membership, which gave me access to an MSDNAA which was still giving license keys for the RTM. Awesome, right? I've got 16 now, was planning on using all of them in one form or another. But anyway, mounted the ISO and got started. Install Problem #1 - Upgrade Paths: You cannot, in any way whatsoever, go from Vista Home Premium (What was preinstalled on the desktop) to Professional. Yeah, I know they published all their nonsense about different upgrade paths and how you can only upgrade from Vista Business to W7 Pro. But unfortunately, nothing can be upgraded to Vista Business. But this wasn't too big an issue. I already had set up something of an environment on my Vista Home Premium, but I didn't care, people were raving so much about how awesome Windows 7 is that I was willing to sacrifice. Install Problem #2 - Drivers: Okay, not only is this desktop brand-new, but in being so, it was actually built to handle Windows 7. It came with a big packet full of information about Windows 7, about upgrading, and about how I'd get a free upgrade in October and whatever. Cool, yeah? Too bad there were still driver problems. Within fifteen minutes of starting up Windows 7 for the first time, I got a BSOD for my sound card. Yes, the operating system that has been blogged and reviewed by countless others as being un-BSOD'able literally BSOD'd on me within minutes. Uninstalling the drivers and reinstalling with updated ones from manufacturer's website appears to have fixed this problem for now, though. Install Problem #3 - Wireless: This was a known problem in W7 Beta - certain wireless cards would work fine and then suddenly out of nowhere go to "Limited Connectivity" and be impossible to fix without a system restart. The problem has no identifiable cause, happens with no regularity, and has no solution. I've installed all offered updates, tried all suggested solutions, updated drivers, but nothing worked. Performance Assessment: For something that was claimed to be light years faster, there's not going to be much of a performance increase if your PC is already fast. I've had about three total system hang-ups with W7 within the first twelve hours of use (Had none with Vista Home Premium during my few weeks of use with it) and responsiveness is virtually the same. Indexing was faster, I'll give it that - any operations I performed on very deep filesystems were much quicker than before. Otherwise, difference is generally negligible, but the obvious caveat is that I wasn't expecting much because this desktop's responsiveness has been instantaneous from the get-go; not much to improve on there. I'll be installing W7 Pro on my laptop later, an x86 architecture with a dual-core Intel processor and 4GB RAM. Most likely gonna dual-boot that first to make sure it's not going to **** up royally for me first. Maybe there will be some visible difference there. Usability Assessment: Well, at least out of the box, it's shinier? The interface looks nice and is arguably improved in some small ways, but that's about it. Things really aren't any easier to do, but they're more customizable from what I can tell, which might actually make it more difficult for the average computer user. I think iconifying the taskbar without clear, obvious labels (Even when hovering) was a UI mistake, as was retaining the same unimpressive Start Menu from Vista. General Feelings: Talk about overhyped. System hangs, blue screens, incompatibility issues, and a shinier task bar. Maybe after awhile I'll become more adjusted to it, or perhaps the install on my laptop will go much better, but for the time being, I'm pretty underwhelmed. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
