http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151065-Strongest-Anime-Character/page2
[Anime] Strongest Anime Character - Page 2
 I agree that Madoka and Haruhi are the strongest anime characters. They're practically Gods, which means they are capable of changing the world. Can Goku do that? 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Really? Nobody's thinkin' about "the father" from FullMetal Alchemist Brothes in da hood? Anyways I'm pretty sure he's the strongest, or maybe Afro Samurai. 
 I'd like to change my vote to betterman oltus on the basis that the title says strongest not most powerful 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Strongest "human" character: Mikasa Ackerman Strongest character with abilities: Ichigo Kurosaki. Mainly because he never gives up and can easily train to defeat somebody. 
I'm not unhappy.
 Gilgamesh from Fate/Stay Night 
There are only two paths you can choose. You can sit quietly and be selected out of this world, or you can adapt and change!-Gai Tsutsugami (Guilty Crown) 
 Originally Posted by Leon_ Kirito from SAO. Come on, we all know you can't win EVERY SINGLE battle without losing ONCE in an ENTIRE SEASON.. Like.. even if he was beaten without dying. Note: Finish watching SAO before reading the next part.  Spoiler The only time he DID lose was right at the end where he was stabbed. Even then he came back from the dead and won the battle. I mean.. WHAT?! I sort of agree, but mostly based on the crazy feats he was able to perform, even though the game was supposedly based in part on the player's capabilities in real life.  Spoiler So when he basically flew into the sky to attack the ice dragon, that was a bit... off. For me, at least. He didn't win every battle though. Spoiler for the ALF arc here.  Spoiler When Kirito initially challenged the World Tree event, he was defeated entirely, and wouldn't have ever managed to rescue Asuna without a LOT of help. As for strongest character, I'd put Natsu Dragneel somewhere on there, but only because he's such a typical Mary Sue. Lose fight, awaken new power, win fight. Repeat for the whole show. 
 If talking about JUST physical strength. I would have to say Goku, Kenpachi, Whitebeard. But then again, they all have special powers, but Goku would probably be the storngest if they didn't. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Simon from Gurren Laggan the Super Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann is just too powerful and even if her were to fight a God (Madoka/Haruhi), he would find a way to screw logic and win.  Spoiler 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 Luffy!!!!!!!!!!!! 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Originally Posted by Setsuna-ah Simon from Gurren Laggan the Super Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann is just too powerful and even if her were to fight a God (Madoka/Haruhi), he would find a way to screw logic and win.  Spoiler My problem with Simon was that it took until the "7 years later" (or whatever it was) point for him to become likable to me. Until then he was just a whiny kid. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki My problem with Simon was that it took until the "7 years later" (or whatever it was) point for him to become likable to me. Until then he was just a whiny kid. Simon was pretty whiny but it didn't bother me.....but after he was just really OP on Galaxy level. But Goku to me was a pretty OP character as well. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 The top god that God Bill was talking about in Dragon Ball Z Battle of the Gods 

 Eren Jaeger's Titan form. Badass. 
There are only two paths you can choose. You can sit quietly and be selected out of this world, or you can adapt and change!-Gai Tsutsugami (Guilty Crown) 
 Lelouch Vi Britannia. Lol, He can just command anyone to kill themselves or the people around them, Plus operating a Nightmare Frame is pretty good on its own also. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 I think it mainly depends on the world that they live in. i.e - in his world, ichigo relies on stuff like reiatsu, which doesn't exist in a lot of anime worlds. But in terms of OP-ness, either Hyobu Kyousku from the UNLIMITED or Ichigo from bleach. The whole quincy/visored/shinigami got kinda ridiculous... 
 THE STRONGEST PHYSICALLY is OBVIOUSLY the younger toguro ^this isnt even my final form 
 Originally Posted by Eamonisgod THE STRONGEST PHYSICALLY is OBVIOUSLY the younger toguro  Spoiler ^this isnt even my final form HAHAHA! This is so true! That's just like... 50% - 80% of his power! The dude keeps recharging like a battery! 

 From me watching anime. Ive watched around 20-30 FULLY from i can remember, I think that Goku is farby the strongest! 
 Originally Posted by Kash From me watching anime. Ive watched around 20-30 FULLY from i can remember, I think that Goku is farby the strongest! I believe he is most powerful because i mean look at toguro xp 
 Whis from the new DBZ movie is the strongest. He was stronger than Bills who was pwning Goku with one finger. 

 Nobody mentiond Alucard from Hellsing. He's basically immortal with a gun that no human can wield and he's a vampire! 
 Well then there is Godou Kusanagi he did kill a god of victory and stole it's power and pretty much all his fights are against gods and related beings. And later on in the LN he gets some more powers and upgrades and 3 of 4 ladies in his harem strong enough to handle a demigod on there own. 
 Last edited by GundamFan; 10-13-2013 at 07:14 PM. 
 Chun-Woo Han Not an anime, but he's still epic. 
What will it take to enlighten you? I've gone passed the edge and I'm already broken; How do I climb back to the brink and put myself back together again?
 If we are basing such just on the physical strength of a char, I'm gonna have to say there's no contest, It's Taitou from Hero Tales(he's the earthly personification of a celestrial warrior god, who took down the personification of another warrior god, whom found a way to literally become a god). He can make a mile wide crater with a single punch of his fist for crying out loud. 
 Goku is the strongest hands down. For those of you guys saying he was being toyed by the enemies in the latest movie, well don't forget that timeline is between majin buu and DBGT. Goku SSJ4 
