http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?106846-Choosing-a-Computer-Why-Linux
 Choosing a Computer: Why Linux?
 I'm going to loosely follow Shian's post outline from his "Choosing a Computer: Why Mac?" topic. This will be for consistency and I hope Shian doesn't mind. Preface: Much like Shian, I am also a big proponent of using not only what you're comfortable with, but using what will get the Job done. This by no means will be a very "technical" look at Linux and is aimed at the general PC audience with little tech experience. There are plenty of people that will argue adamantly for their OS, effectively telling other people that they are "stupid" for not choosing their obvious choice for an OS. I believe such an approach is counter productive and I will attempt to present only facts, if you feel anything was misrepresented or left out and needs to be appended don't be afraid to post here or to PM me. With that out of the way let's talk about Linux! Linux: Basic Terminology Linux - A free and Open source UNIX derivative OS Open Source - The source code to the software is available free, it is not only OK to modify and distribute the code, but is generally encouraged. Distro/Distribution/Flavor - Refers to a specific "packaged version" of linux Linux: Pros Linux is free and open source, meaning that the code for the entire OS is freely available on the internet. Everyone has the right to modify or create their own "flavor" of linux and distribute it provided that their version remains Free. There is no "black magic" in linux, everything is out for you to see and modify. With open source software any program you can find on another OS is likely to exist in some form on linux, and best of all they are distributed for free. There is a very large community for Linux distributions which means that patches usually are produced and distributed quicker. A larger community also means that there is alot of help out there for any questions you may have. Linux is fast, choosing to run linux on old hardware as opposed to Windows will usually breathe new life into it. There is no file fragmentation under linux, and there aren't many known viruses in the wild for Linux. Linux is stable and secure, that is why it is one of the most prolific OSes used for web servers. Linux: Cons You might be asking me right now "Well since there are soo many pros, why shouldn't everyone be using Linux?" There are a few cases in which Linux may not be the best choice for you: 1.) Avid gamers: You'll find that your windows games will not usually work under linux. And while it is possible to run some games under some type of emulation layer it really isn't the best for gaming. 2.) Users stuck with proprietary software: Linux is great for Open source software, but you'll find that many industry standard and business software exist only on the windows platform, obviously if your business depends on that software you shouldn't lose it. Some common Linux distros - Ubuntu - Debian - Linux Mint - Fedora - OpenSUSE - Mandriva Conclusion Linux is a great OS and with distributions like Ubuntu many windows users have been able to make the change without losing functionality and their favorite programs of their windows OS. Linux does initially take some getting used to, but for those willing to give it a genuine try there is a decent reward. Linux is not for everyone, and even I still use Windows, especially since I'm required to use specific engineering and graphic design software for my University studies. If you're interested in trying Linux, many distributions now offer what are called "Live Cd's" in which you can run an entire Linux distro off of a CD without making changes to your current OS to try it out. I'd like to officially request a Sticky if this topic is up to standards. Peace, -Tova 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
