http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117676-Why-Gamers-should-Tweet-More
 Why Gamers should Tweet More
 http://www.gameinformer.com/b/news/a...he-rescue.aspx It's a pretty cool story and because of it, gave me greater respect for both Visceral and EA. I've yet invested any time into Dead Space (even though I own the DVDs and what ever extra/spin-offs it has), but I'll be going to a retail store and buying both the original and sequel. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I just picked up Dead Space 2. I owned 1 but I got rid of it. 
 
 Wow, big ups to EA for doing that, love the drawing too. So adorable. :3 

 If "Ashley" was a "Ashton" this prolly wouldn't have happened. >-> Naw, s'cool story, I bet her online boyfriend is jelly though. 
 Hah, that is terrific. Mad props to EA. 
 why doesn't this happen to me? o___o Its great that EA did that. They probably had extra copies and just wanted to get rid of it, or were just feeling very generous lol. Still quite nice of them to do that. 
 I hate to be "that guy" and I certainly don't want to come off as some ******* who hates EA for the sake of hating EA, but... I see this as excellent marketing on their part. Do you think EA will replace anyone's broken discs because they genuinely care about their fans, maybe. Let's look at this objectively though: 1.) EA is a business, and all businesses exist to make a profit, giving away copies of your game is not sustainable fiscal strategy unless you can effectively advertise with strategic give aways. 2.) EA has shown a tendency to push devs to get their games out the door on a fairly strict release schedule, much to the detriment of many titles(CnC I'm looking at you). Indicating that the launch quality of games doesn't matter, as long as they can be patched or otherwise fixed after launch. Like I stated before, I don't hate EA, nor do I dislike EA for the sake of disliking EA. I'm sure there are plenty of people within EA who would gladly help this gamer out, just for the sake of helping out a fan in an unlucky situation, but it's hard for me to connect such a human element with that of EA. I won't just deny the above facts and rush out to immediately buy everything EA published. Cool story, I like hearing about this stuff, but I'm not getting on my knees just yet. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Cool story. They only did it for good publicity, though. 
 Originally Posted by Tovarishchi I hate to be "that guy" and I certainly don't want to come off as some ******* who hates EA for the sake of hating EA, but... I see this as excellent marketing on their part. Do you think EA will replace anyone's broken discs because they genuinely care about their fans, maybe. Let's look at this objectively though: 1.) EA is a business, and all businesses exist to make a profit, giving away copies of your game is not sustainable fiscal strategy unless you can effectively advertise with strategic give aways. 2.) EA has shown a tendency to push devs to get their games out the door on a fairly strict release schedule, much to the detriment of many titles(CnC I'm looking at you). Indicating that the launch quality of games doesn't matter, as long as they can be patched or otherwise fixed after launch. Like I stated before, I don't hate EA, nor do I dislike EA for the sake of disliking EA. I'm sure there are plenty of people within EA who would gladly help this gamer out, just for the sake of helping out a fan in an unlucky situation, but it's hard for me to connect such a human element with that of EA. I won't just deny the above facts and rush out to immediately buy everything EA published. Cool story, I like hearing about this stuff, but I'm not getting on my knees just yet. No one asked you to get on your knees. 
 
 Originally Posted by Tovarishchi I hate to be "that guy" and I certainly don't want to come off as some ******* who hates EA for the sake of hating EA, but... I see this as excellent marketing on their part. Do you think EA will replace anyone's broken discs because they genuinely care about their fans, maybe. Let's look at this objectively though: 1.) EA is a business, and all businesses exist to make a profit, giving away copies of your game is not sustainable fiscal strategy unless you can effectively advertise with strategic give aways. 2.) EA has shown a tendency to push devs to get their games out the door on a fairly strict release schedule, much to the detriment of many titles(CnC I'm looking at you). Indicating that the launch quality of games doesn't matter, as long as they can be patched or otherwise fixed after launch. Like I stated before, I don't hate EA, nor do I dislike EA for the sake of disliking EA. I'm sure there are plenty of people within EA who would gladly help this gamer out, just for the sake of helping out a fan in an unlucky situation, but it's hard for me to connect such a human element with that of EA. I won't just deny the above facts and rush out to immediately buy everything EA published. Cool story, I like hearing about this stuff, but I'm not getting on my knees just yet. You have valid points. For me though, is the effort that is put into it. I like John more than I do Bobby and if my CoD threads are any indication, I am completely disenfranchised by Activision and the majority of their developers. I don't like putting my money in the pockets of a guy who doesn't work to earn it. EA, while yeah, they had their "wtf" moments, the matter of the point is that the effort is there and unlike anything that I've seen from Activision, even though they do push some games faster than they should, I've never came across an EA game in recent history with glaring issues like I have with the majority of Activision games. More over, I also like the fact that EA is at least attempting to foster good relations with developers (now) than they did before. With their Partnership program (why else would Infinity Ward go there as opposed to Valve or Ubisoft?) and the fact that they do invest in new IPs instead of rehashing 4 IPs to death, it's a better investment of my time and money. Customer relationships go a long way, and it's better to work on that reputation now and in the future than never (I'm looking at you Activision). I can only pray for Bungie right now. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
