http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152110-TV-Shows-You-re-Currently-Watching
 TV Shows You're Currently Watching?
 I'll start us off ^_^. I'm currently watching The Walking Dead (2010), I just finished S02E02: Bloodletting. 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 I'm also watching The Walking Dead season 4. Criminal Minds. Grey's Anatomy. The Big Bang Theory. That's pretty much it. *laughs* 
 - walking dead - sons of anarcy - game of thrones ( when it is back ) 
 Veronica mars season 3 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 walking dead- season four has been alright so far eastbound and down- season four has been pretty funny 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 How I Met Your Mother and Rules of Engagement. 
 Just started House Of Cards. Like I'm netflixing first episode literally after posting this awesome post. Sleepy Hollow - I've seen 4 episodes. Its sh1t. Prolly drop it if I haven't already. Futurama - I have a few episode left from the final season. Was hit and miss at start, but the last 3 episodes were all great. Needed more Zapp Branigan though. *shakes tiny fist* Southpark - Some good episodes so far. Will watch em all. That Goth kids episode could've been better. Hannibal - saw random episodes but will start this proper on the weekend. That Mad Mikkleson is mad talented. Thats enough tv for me. I also need to finish season 3 of Walking Dead. Hella entertaining. Previous seasons were duller than dish water though and I couldn't get through most of them. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Blacklist - even if it sucked (it rocks) I'd still watch cause it has James Spader in it Chicago Fire - second season... the **** got real. Sons of Anarchy - I gotta see how Tara's sentence plays out. Gemma is always a good reason to stick around. I must see what happens to the MC since they're getting out of guns Law & Order: SVU - as always it never fails to keep me on he edge of my seat American Horror Story: Coven - holy **** this is insane. The Big Bang Theory - I need to see how Sheldon progresses with his relationship with Amy (who played the lead on Blossom my fave show as a kid) Ironside - I'm watching it... but Coven is just so much better. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Hannibal- first season blew me away. It starts kind of slow and very vague, you dont get to see everything clearly like you do in other shows but everything just folds together nicely near the end. Defiance- A pretty cool sci fi show about the only i care for right now. Interesting characters and a pretty expensive world. It's not a materpice just an entertaining show to watch with a cool premise. Louie- cuz louis ck lol. Er thats about it for me and can't wait for game of thrones next season. 
 Thats enough tv for me. I also need to finish season 3 of Walking Dead. Hella entertaining. Previous seasons were duller than dish water though and I couldn't get through most of them. ugh BB is finished so aside from some episodes of Tales From the Crypt for the rest of October I'm looking at an empty plate for a while. Sis told me about Archer so I'll get into that at some point. 
 I just finished Breaking Bad and understand why everyone is so pissed. Currently I'm watching the following. New Girl, Zooey is really hilarious I love how she's so comfortable with being awkward. It's a very uplifting zany show. The Voice, Can't help it I love this show I love seeing people battle with singing and abuse their vocal range. Revenge, A great show for anyone that likes drama/action types. It's not for everyone sometimes it can be a little slow but, I personally really love it. Once Upon A Time, Kinda eh right now in the direction this series went they need to more on with the plot. 2 Broke Girls, Hilarious, racity, sexist, evil, sexual it's just a show that makes fun of everything and itself and I love comedy that does that. Awkward, While you have cliche long triangles this show does something others don't know how to it makes you feel like you're a teen again. That night that your mom walked in on you having sex, that day you feel on top of your crush and your towel fell off in front of five friends. Yeah but, make those situations 100x more awkward. This show is my favorite in a while. American Horror Story Coven, I can't ...even explain this series other that it just seems to want to push every button any pissed off soccer mom has. And to me that is awesome by all means. Glee, Yeah I watch Glee I love singing and Sue Slyvester let's be adult about that ok? Animation wise Family Guy, American Dad, Bobs Burgers, and Adventure Time. I also recently finshed Hemlock Grove (Wtf was that), True Blood (Still not sure why it went all over the place), and Shameless US. It's hard for me to invest in a story that doesn't have a strong lead female character or at least a supporting one because, as a homosexual I find it easier to connect with a female in the sense of romance. These shows tend to cater to what I relate to if you can understand that. Though, I do like shows that have male leads there's very few. I guess most shows these days have that one character that I could but, shows like Grimm, and Burn Notice I just find myself not being able to invest in. I'm not trying to sound cliche at all. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Vampire Diaries S05 Arrow S02 Big Bang Theory S07 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Sundays: Once Upon a Time Mondays: Beauty and the Beast (2012) Sleepy Hollow Tuesdays: Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ravenswood Supernatural Wednesdays: American Horror Story: The Coven Arrow The Tomorrow People (U.S.) Thursdays: Covert Affairs Elementary Once Upon a Time in Wonderland White Collar Fridays: Grimm Haven The Neighbors (2012) Saturdays: Spooksville The Haunting Hour 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 The Crazy Ones{LOVE DIS SHOW!} Sleepy Hollow Grimm Sam & Cat WolfBlood {from BBC} 
 Last edited by Rima Okumura; 11-14-2013 at 11:19 PM. 
 The Walking Dead- watching online The Big Bang Theroy- watching on TV Doctor Who- watching on TV Avatar The Legend of Korra- watching online 2 Broke Girls- watching on TV Cutthroat Kitchen- watching on TV Airplane Repo- watching online That`s about it that I follow online and TV during the week. 
 The Waliking Dead The Vampire Diaries The Big Bang Theory American Horror Story Coven New Girl 
 wait wait wait, no one watches Suburgatory? u guys are missing out! XD aaand the fosters i tried and dropped pretty little liars (watched 2 seasons but it was too much), teen wolf (again, too long), vampire diaries (hate stephen), and arrow (just forgot to watch the latest ep then they piled up so... yeah =P) im actually looking for good shows right now XD 

 Meh I'm not watching any tv shows atm, but I might watch the Drew Carey show in the near future 

 Scrubs season 2 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Walking Dead S4- currently Home Movies S2- currently Mad Men S6- first half of December Justified S4- 2nd half on December 
 Scooby doo where are you. young justice Gangland pretty much whatever I feel like watching from my impressive and ever expanding archive since i don't have t.v. With the availability of what is on the Internet I won't need T.V for a very long time. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Currently rewatching Sons of Anarchy. Dropped off a while back during the middle of season 3 or so I think, but I'm not sure. Started it over from the beginning last night. Plan on getting all caught up within the next few weeks. Will probably be rewatching a good portion of Breaking Bad again in the next couple weeks as well, since I'm writing a paper on it, and my memory needs refreshing on a few things. Aside from that, I'm keeping up with South Park as always, since it's impossible to miss new episodes of things on Comedy Central. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 The Walking Dead Supernatural 
Balance.... I'm losing it.....The ground beneath does not exist.... If this isn't nice, then I don't know what is....  Spoiler  Spoiler "The whole story has it that as we go through life, we really don't change.... We just become more of the same.... You look around you as the years go by and it seems a very valid premise.... People don't change.... As a matter of fact most of us resist change very strongly.... Yet change is a sure thing.... The only variable rate.... Slowly read as evolution and fast as revolution...." 
 Originally Posted by toddler naruto Tuesdays: Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Yes Same here. I like it. It's not perfect but it is fun. Also I dvr AMERICAN PICKERS on the History channel. Old shows that I'm watching on dvd: LOST Greatest American Hero. 
 Archer- I've lot my trousers at a few occasions but the bickering between the characters does get annoying, anybody does Archer get better with time? Lilyhammer- too soon to tell buy hey it's Silvio from The Sopranos and he's got his own show now, how can this go bad? 
