http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159962-Rebel-Quest
 Rebel Quest
 REBEL QUEST I THE BOILING POINT 'In a next generation corporate dystopia, a vengeful son aims to take down those responsible or die trying.'  Spoiler EPISODE ONE A FIRE IN THE MASTERS HOUSE MILES A huge crowd had gathered to debate the communities next move, many voices were talking all at once, each trying desperately to be heard over one another. It didn't take too long for trouble to start and two men were soon led away, one clutching a bloodied nose. It was some time before things calmed down enough to get going again. "Some of us couldn't relocate again even if we wanted to," one man eventually bellowed out while another man fought his way to the front and boldly added "we're suppose to just accept our fate and give up our supplies to you guys for your little adventure," he wrestled free from the restrictions of the main crowd. "I don't think so," he made his way towards Cain, the security cheif for the slums and pressed his face as close as he could before he was roughly bungled away by nearby guards, "you can all go to hell for all I care!" The crowd fell into disarray once more as words proved insufficent and blows were again exchanged. Miles had arrived earlier and had himself managed to work his way to the front of the crowd with relative ease. He had a small scrawny frame and wasn't the tallest but it was clear now that getting back through would be far more difficult given how busy it had become. He laughed in a mixture of amusement and disgust while watching more men be led away. 'An organized debate,' he thought, 'even that is too much to ask around here,' he tried to listen to Cain who was now talking with the crowd. "Are you lot hearing yourselves!" He was a short man with a muscular frame, Miles thought he always looked as though he was holding his breathe given his scarlet skin tone. He was more beetroot and full of rage now than any other time Miles could recall. He had been quiet and reserved up to now but he was unable to contain himself any longer. "We're talking about drone strikes," he said wildly, "I mean for crying out loud, drone strikes, do you know what that means?" He didn't bother waiting for an answer instead he turned to address the people standing behind him, "coordinated attacks with specific targets," his tone was full of dread and foreboding, "believe me in this day and age that means one thing. They're coming here and sooner rather than later!" Cain like so many others had no love for Osiris, he had lost two sons to the rebel conflicts and had spent twelve years in a work camp. It was the same feeling all over, nowadays there were few who stayed in the underside with anything positive to say about them. The rich stayed topside, the poor rotted in the slums and pits of the underside, that was just the way it was. He wasn't lying though, yet Miles didn't dare say as much. Instead he just looked at his wrist and the serial number tattoo on it, his own memento of his time spent with Osiris and the foundation youth. He needed to get rid of it, have it removed but that was the least of his worries at the moment. He was a deserter. The attack had left everyone more than a little shaken, with thirteen dead and another eleven injured there was little else on anybodys mind but Miles already knew were his loyalties lay regardless of peoples decision whether to split up or stick together. Maybe it was nothing but mere coincidence but that was something you didn't leave to chance where Osiris were involved. Over time he had learned only too well the value of being careful, it had kept him alive, probably his family too. Still, he knew what Cain was getting at even if no one else did. A drone strike meant there was something specific Osiris wanted destroyed, a purpose, a target and Miles was confident he knew exactly what that was. Then again, maybe it was some other high priority target, a nearby rebel stronghold for instance or something similar yet no one could say for sure but one other possibliity had been lurking in the back of his mind since the whole situation had started, Kiril Vlente. He had been told that once Kiril had you in his sights there was no getting away, they called him the bloodhound. He knew he had to get on the move though the timing couldn't be worse, that was for sure. Thinking back, there had been a time when he had viewed Kiril as a brother yet now he wasn't even a friend, more like an arch enemy. Miles still couldn't believe the choice he had made and he could still remember the day, almost a decade ago when they had went their seperate ways. It was still so vivid sometimes it felt like only yesterday. Miles had opted to leave the Foundation to search for Ella and investigate her mysterious disappearance while Kiril had chose to stay and complete the programme they had been forced to undertake in the first place. He would never forgive him for turning his back on them. Yet he wasn't the only one Kiril had betrayed that day, Miles knew that only too well. It was everyone. all of his family, his friends, the very community they had grown up in. It bemused him to this day, even after all these years he still couldn't wrap his head around it. After all they had grown up together, childhood friends, along with Ella they had lived an idyllic childhood for being in such a poor neighbourhood. Although they had always been aware Osiris were viewed as the big bad wolf by everyone, they had never encountered them until they were all taken away from their parents aged twelve and initiated into the newly formed Foundation youth programme. It seemed there would only be more disdain for them but if rumours were to be believed then it was very much a different story for Kiril. If truth be told Miles didn't even care anymore. Life was too short to be consumed with hatred. He was his families guardian now and that was all that concerned him now. He had been tempted, especially after he found no trace of Ella, to seek out Kiril for answers but given the risk and likely wrath to be faced for desertion he had chosen to stay under the under and as long as his family was alive he really wanted to keep it that way. The talk of the town so to speak, suggested he was the new field commander in charge of the Foundation and its operations, a powerful position it had to be said. It had been such big news that it was hard not to know. The youngest commander in military history at twenty-three, some had even taken to calling him a protege, when the travelling merchant had told Miles this he had to laugh. The idea of Kiril being considered a genius was too much, as far as he was concerned he was a piece of **** and that was that. The merchant had shown him his own wanted poster which had proved helpful beyond measure. It had shown his appearance as it was just before he escaped the foundatons clutches to go looking for Ella. He had immediately shaved his hair from his head and to this day still sported the tougher looking skinhead as opposed to the longer hair he had previously bore. He had also taken to wearing contacts as well to hide his distingtive emerald green eyes and had grew a beard which he had grown accustomed to by now. There were some things that were not so easily hidden though like the tattoo on his wrist or his pale complexion. Back amongst the group a woman was now storming off mumbling obscenities, shaking her head in disagreement whilst another was trying to be a mediator of sorts. "We're just as likely to die out there on the road as we are staying here." She said bluntly to Cain while trying to calm the woman, "everyones circumstances are different Cain. Some of us have family, have young children or sick loved ones, what about the elderly? I'm afraid it's just not as simple as packing up and leaving." For a moment Miles wanted to step forward and reveal all but what good would it do? He wasn't even sure himself but it was the feeling he had, it was just there, a classic better safe than sorry scenario. They were coming for him. "Look," Cain sighed, "we can't stay here, that's the bottom line." His mind was clearly already made up yet Miles could see he understood the others plight, "most of the community has already scattered, for crying out loud!" He looked around at the rest of the group, "those who want to stay by all means do, but if you want my advice, stay and you die." Like everyone else Miles had always seen him as the unofficial leader of the community as he led the security of the slum. He was an older man, if he had to guess his age he would have said fifty or thereabouts but he clearly kept himself in remarkable condition. "I think we should stay together, that's always been my motto, those who want to come with us we leave at first light." Miles moved away from the group and left them to debate their next course of action and headed back to check on his mother and sister, he already knew what they would do but he knew it wasn't as simple as packing up and moving on, especially with his sisters condition. If Osiris found him he would risk losing everything yet if Cain, Olga. Ronald or any of the others found out about his past association to Osiris and the Foundation he risked a similiar fate. When he arrived at their makeshift home his mother was outside busy taking clothes off the line and piling them into a basket. When she spotted him she scowled. "Have you seen this nonsense up at the square, those fools are gonna bring a whole bunch of unwanted attention down on our heads, god damn it!" His mother had always been tough, not that there was much of a choice, she had been young when the world was still a fully functioning place and had seen much of the worst it had on offer. "What's wrong?" She asked looking at him sternly, "your father Cedric had that same look about him when he was going to tell me something bad," she walked back towards the house, "so, spit it out, what is it?" His mother prompted him inside and signalled for him to sit but Miles declined and instead chose to greet his sister who was lying on the couch. "Hey sweetness," he said softly, kissing her on the cheek,"how's my little soldier today?" He asked. Eva had a serious health problem, something to do with the air and her bodys inability to properly process it. It kept her inside a lot of the time depending on were they where. "I'm okay I guess," she said sitting up removing her small breathing mask. "I wish we could go somewhere else but i'm okay, the air here is too thick and I don't like the people here. They're boring," she moaned. Miles laughed and stood back up and began pacing the room, "Don't worry," he said softly, he gave a nervous glance towards his mother, "we're moving sooner than you think," he turned to his mother and spoke in a whisper to be sure his sister couldn't hear, "listen, we can't stay here anymore," he felt warm all of a sudden under his mothers doubt filled gaze, "I think Osiris might be on to me and that means you're both in danger!" His mother was already in frantic disagreement with him before he had even finished, "No, no no, you don't know that," she had stood up shaking her head, repeating herself while desperately trying to stop him from packing. "No, you don't know that for sure, Eva is sick Miles! We can't just up and leave at a moments notice." "Get a grip!" Miles rarely got angry these days but his mother Pippa knew how to push his buttons, "Drone strikes mean they want something that's here, they know i'm here and believe me if they need to kill you to get to me they will. You know all this." He said, frustrated at her apperent lack of understanding. "C'mon now, we need to move fast." Still his mother didn't move instead she threw him a dirty look, took out a cigarette and headed back outside shaking her head and mumbling to herself. Knowing his mother as every son should he knew when she was angry and these were all things she did when she was furious. Eva was the complete opposite and came over to him beaming like she had been the day he came back all those years ago. Clearly delighted by the news Miles already regretted telling her given the reaction of their mother but he hugged his sister nonetheless and headed outside towards the small balcony where his mother was smoking. "Why do you have to put that **** in her head for Miles, you know she's not fit enough to travel, she's not got enough medicine for a short journey never mind a long one, you know that!" she said angrily. "I know," Miles said flatly but there was simply no choice now, all that mattered was that they got moving. "I didn't think. Look, do me a favour, just pack your stuff. We can't stay here." Miles didn't stay to listen to his mothers protest so instead she called after him, "what about her ****ing medicine?" "Just pack, I'll handle it." He shouted back. "I'll be back in a couple of hours," he added. He would need all the help he could get to arrive in the market in one piece and there was no better help in this day and age than the kind provided by a gun. He had his own of course, quite the collection but he wanted something new and reliable. There were many places to go to get firearms but Miles used Amir who operated out of his small jazz club on the edge of their code as areas in the underside were given codes so basic stock needs could be met by the many couriers who worked and helped maintain the routes and communities. It was one of the better establishments in their part of the underside though. The local band were paying homage to an old Miles Davis classic when he entered the club, he didn't bother with the bar or anything instead he headed straight for Amirs table. As always he had a large group of bodyguards around him but none of them stood up or seemed at all bothered by his unannounced approach instead they were all in awe of the gun Amir was holding. "Did you like that touch?" Amir asked him still busy with the gun. "What touch?" He had clearly missed something. Amir looked at him, smiling as he stood up and walked towards the back end of the club. "The music... Never mind," he said moving closer showing Miles the rifle he had been holding." It was a plasma gun. "You know what this is, right?" He asked. Miles nodded, "sure," he hadn't seen one in a long time not since his time spent at the foundation. They walked into a room and down into the basement where there were more guns than Miles had ever seen before. "I was looking for something similiar actually." Amir laughed loudly, "Something similiar, haha," he put the plasma rifle down and picked up a mean looking rifle, "well, don't get your hopes up, what about this, M249, light machine gun." Miles lack of interest must have been written on his face as Amir dropped the rifle instead picking up another , "the R4 Vektor," clearly Miles disappointment was obvious, "those plasma guns cost more than most of these guns combined." He continued unlocking several cases and locks, "besides I've still to get the plasma packs, they're on their way." Miles cursed, "I was looking for something new," he picked up a small looking submachine gun. "Why," Amir asked curiously, "is it because of all this rubbish with the attacks? That'll blow over." "I do like this though" Miles pointed the gun at an imaginary adversary. It was small, had two handles and a long clip, "feels good." "The spectre M4." Amir said, "a reliable gun, originated in what used to be the Italian region." He had always been a wizz with guns, seeing as his whole family had sold weapons he had built up a huge knowledge that Miles had yet to see equalled. There was some disruption from upstairs but it was only when Miles heard the unmistakable roar of machine gun fire and the shouts of Osiris did he realize what was happening. He grabbed the M4 along with some ammunition and headed upstairs when Amir called out to him. "Wait Miles, take that MG as well," he pointed to a light machine gun next to the door before hastily adding, "these as well," he rolled two grenades across the floor and followed him out of the basement. The club had two entrances, a front and a back. Gunfire greeted them and thundered back and forth as foundation soldiers flooded in and were met with heavy resistance. "What the hell is this! Stay low Miles," He heard Amir yell at him when he made a dash for the back door but Miles didn't care anymore. He had to get back to his family, that was his only concern, if the foundation got there first they were probably dead already. With this in mind he pressed his finger down on the trigger of his machine gun and mowed down a handful of foundation thugs who were rushing the door. Adreniline took hold and he spun around dispatchng another two trying to creep up behind him. He wheeled back around and sent a hail of bullets down onto another group who were laying down fire on his position as the wall to exploding next to him told him in no uncertain terms, as several more bullets wizzed past his ear he dived for cover behind the bar and met the lifeless gaze of the bartender who was sprawled out next to him in a bloody mess. As more gunfire echoed above him he covered his head as it made light work of the bottles and glasses, showering them down on Miles like a fierce thunder storm. He threw down the empty MG, clocked the M4 he had and unloaded another batch of bullets towards the main door, Amir cried out as he was caught by a bullet while running for the exit, Miles turned and shot the culprit ducking just in time to avoid a shotgun blast that left his ears ringing, he clutched at one of the grenades he had been given and threw it towards the front of the club, changed clip and waited to move. The blast shook the ground and sent debris hurtling in all directions, the cover the bar provided had protected him and he somehow managed to stumble out the back door. What was waiting for him outside though was nearly enough to make him want to go back inside. Amir lay on the ground foaming at the mouth, clearly in pain. Words came to him but he never got them out, at that moment he saw his mother and sister lying face down in the blood soaked dirt. "No!" He screamed, overcome with grief he let go a flurry of bullets from his M4 but to his astonishment they bounced right off the woman he had aimed them at and before he knew what was happening he felt a huge surge of pain run up his spine and he too was foaming at the mouth, squirming on the ground while writhing in pain. "Ah, Miles Timot," the two women stepped out of the shadows. They looked identical yet their appearance was certainly unconventional with their shaved heads, peircings and tight body suits, "a new weapon, not to mention the bodywork." She laughed, motioning the taser type weapon she had just struck him with and the suit she was wearing. "Compliments of Bio-Tech but you wouldn't know, thats... after your time." As Miles shuddered and flinched on the ground he saw foundation soldiers everywhere, many were rounding up large groups, others were busy digging graves and there were those doing the killing. It was just then he recognized them "Anya... Rysa!" He managed to murmer as the paralysis began to wear off him. "That's right," Anya said, "suprised? It seems so unjust for you to live Miles while all these poor folk die, you really are something." They were just about ready to move again when the buzz of a distant propeller could be heard overhead. It grow louder and louder as it became clear to everyone exactly what it was. "Drone strike!" Someone yelled before they were blown away by the impact of a huge blast that sent everything from debris to bodies flying everywhere, a huge steel worktop had fell in front of Miles shielding him from the blast, though many others weren't so lucky. He got back to his feet and tried to help Amir who was only semi-conscious. He looked around for any sign of his mother and sister but it was hopeless. The smoke and flames were so intense it would be a fools game to stay. Together they staggered away from the burning wasteland that had been home for so long. 
 Last edited by Ryuk86; 02-12-2015 at 07:02 AM. Reason: Grammer & editing 
http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...62-Rebel-Quest 
