http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151828-How-s-it-goin
 How's it goin'?
 Konnichiwa, Anime-Forums! The last forum I was on kinda died out and so I Google'd an anime forum and this forum popped up as the first choice (who knew?). So, I'm here to talk about all kinds of manga, anime, games, and just about anything my random brain comes up with. Anywho, I like action, comedy, sci-fi, and supernatural genre for manga, anime, and books. My favorite types of music are rock, metal, and occasionally some techno although I'll listen to just about any music if it catches my interest. I don't really have a favorite food but my favorite drink is tea. I dislike sweet potatoes, avocados, discrimination, and the word "swagger" (even typing it just leaves me with a bad taste). I'm a very open person and don't get offended very easily. I hope that covers everything.... 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Very good intro! Welcome to A4 hope you enjoy it here. 

 Hi, nice to meet you Game Over, which btw is a sweet username! And to answer your question its going okay for me, you? :] ---------- - So, what about if I say 'swag'? Because I sometimes like pointing out the obvious; that I have swaaaaaag. Welcome to A4/Anime-Forums!! If you ever need anything let me know, I'll come to your rescue. =b 
 Konnichiwa, Game Over! Welcome to anime forums! I see you've written an interesting introduction, there. You really have some SWAG, bro! LOL joking! Hope you'll have fun here! 

 Konnichiwa. It seems that you have a bad taste because you typed it, and mister typed it again. Poor you, already suffering ;_; Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Well, this is a mild iinconvenience. hahaha... Welcome to A4 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Welcome to A4! Hope you enjoy it here.~ Wow, you like alot of the same things I do!XD Anyway, feel free to message me whenever you need help or just want to talk. See you around. 
 
 Welcome to A4, It almost covered everything the only thing left is what is your favorite Anime? 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome to A4! Good Intro I hope you enjoy the Forums! Do you have a favorite anime? 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Uh oh, Dokuro-chan lover on board! Welcome to A4 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 'Game Over'. What a name. Well, welcome to A4 and enjoy your stay here. 
 
 Hahahaaa, i really wanted to find a place about anime so i Googled Anime Forum and her i am, Welcome you've good taste ;D 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 Konnichiwa back to you! Welcome to A4, and enjoy your stay. 

 Originally Posted by Game Over Konnichiwa, Anime-Forums! The last forum I was on kinda died out and so I Google'd an anime forum and this forum popped up as the first choice (who knew?). So, I'm here to talk about all kinds of manga, anime, games, and just about anything my random brain comes up with. Anywho, I like action, comedy, sci-fi, and supernatural genre for manga, anime, and books. My favorite types of music are rock, metal, and occasionally some techno although I'll listen to just about any music if it catches my interest. I don't really have a favorite food but my favorite drink is tea. I dislike sweet potatoes, avocados, discrimination, and the word "swagger" (even typing it just leaves me with a bad taste). I'm a very open person and don't get offended very easily. I hope that covers everything.... Welcome to the forums! You have a very interesting intro definitely, without a doubt! =) I'm a fan of rock music and techno music myself. Really hope you enjoy yourself here and hope to see you around on the boards! 
 welcome to the forum. 
WWE,NFL and Anime Cartoon Fans Only! http://www.youtube.com/user/Gohan6425 
 Welcome to A4! I can't believe that the username wasnt taken lol. Enjoy your stay. 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
