http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?105403-Are-Lolicons-Pedophiles
 Are Lolicons Pedophiles?
 Originally Posted by Moonflare Liking lolicon or shotacon shouldn't necessarily label someone as a pedophile. It's just a fetish that a person likes. Yes there are pedo's out there that like lolicon and/or shotacon but that doesn't mean that every person that has a collection or w.e of these puts a pedo target on there back. Reason why I say this is because I know couple people who are into lolicon and one person that is into shotacon. They are far away from being pedophiles imo, but enjoy I guess you can say the "art" of lolicon/shotacon. So, they like to masturbate to children, the thought of children, and related things, but not be a pedo? Oh yes, they're drawn, but that doesn't mean you're not doing it. I've been a child before, and I know what my body looked like then, and, well, having also seen shota, I can say, it's not perfectly accurate, but they do _look like little boys_ in the way an anime girl looks like an exaggerated white late-teenage female. And, don't try the "art" crap. I've seen people try to justify the same with real children too. A woman being torn to pieces by tentacles in hentai isn't art as much as seeing a 6 year old getting raped by 4 men in hentai. Good ****ing god. Originally Posted by Tovarishchi Lolicon is drawn in which NO real children are involved, it can also refer to the look of being young without actually being young. Pedophilia is where REAL children are involved. Lolicon = just another form of hentai/fetish Pedophilia = the real abuse of children By definition Lolicon cannot be a crime as no REAL children are involved(or people looking like lolicon are of legal age), and noone's rights have been violated. Anyone who claims that being attracted to lolicon or other such hentai imagery to be "in need of help" denies the natural human desire to fantasize. It's like cosplay (at a con or in the bed), it's fantasy not real. I bet most of you ****ers can't justify your hate of pedophilia other than because "it is", for me it's because of the abuse of trust. Children are still developing their minds and they cannot always make the right decision or know what is right and what is wrong or how to get out of a bad situation. pedophilia is the active abuse of trust in any relationship between an adult and a minor to gain sexual advances. No, that's child abuse. Pedophilia is a term relating to an individual and doesn't really specify whether the children are real or not. Here's why; Sit down. Imagine a child you've never seen before. Say, around 7 years old. Now, get undressed and try to masturbate while you mentally undress that child. Tell me, can you do it? If so, you're a pedophile, yet the child wasn't real. Originally Posted by Tovarishchi Granted everyone matures mentally at different rates, and the legal age of consent is debatable. Pedophilia is children. ~0-12. Not teenagers (~13-18 ), there is a seperate word for it; ephebophilia. I am strictly talking about pedophilia. Originally Posted by Lord of the Pikachu Well, obviously a flat chest and narrow hips doesn't mean much to homosexuals. It also doesn't mean much to men who have adult sexual partners with narrow hips and flat chests either. Of course, depending on the age bracket we're dealing with some or many of the girls would actually have the qualities you're saying they lack. The problem here is the term "underage" since it's not a very clear term. If we're talking about just being a minor by Western legal standards than there are quite a few minors who I would find sexually appealing and undoubtedly most, probably all, here would feel the same. A long time ago copulation and marriage occurred very early on in age so clearly it is not against anyone's nature. Lolicon many times involves girls with well-developed bodies, at least more developed than is average for their age. So it really isn't the same. That said people need to understand that sexuality and sexual attraction is fluid. There is no innate desire or urge for a specific group. Our urges are determined by our own psychology and societal influences. Finding animated young girls attractive is not an indication of something wrong with an individual or an indication of how they feel about actual young girls. For you, I'm refering to pedophillia as defined medically (0-12). We already trashed your 13 year old loving ass in another thread, so, go do me a favour and go back there to try to defend yourself again. Originally Posted by Blood-Katana They are more than one legal definitions of a "Pedophile". So do you want my countries or yours? We really want the medical definition of pedophilia, since science doesn't change across borders, laws do. Originally Posted by DerfelCadarn A paedophile is, by definition, a person who 'likes' children. It obviously has a sexual connotation, but nevertheless, the definition does not change. Any person, in order to qualify as a paedo, must invariably be attracted to children. There are no children in cartoons. Any person who is attracted to cartoon characters, whether underage or not is attracted to non-photographic images that were not created by capturing actual objects or persons. Before lolicons may be accused of paedophilia, it must be proven first that any person who is sexually attracted to non-photographic images is invariably attracted to photographic images as well. Absent any proof, claims equating the same remain bollocks. So, to recap, paedophilia = [sexual] love of children. No real children in cartoons therefore no paedophilia either. I agree with what Tovarishchi said. Although it must be mentioned that in certain jurisdictions non-photographic images are considered to be illegal too, despite the fact that their production leads to no harm. You honestly think that people who masturbate to loli/shota are psychologically somehow seperating the concept of "child" in anime from "child" in all other mediums? Since, well, it doesn't work like that. If you're masturbating to the _idea_ of children, drawn or not, you're masturbating to children. Luckily with loli/shota, no real children are harmed, but you're still a damn pedophile. I'll parallel this with Yaoi. Can I masturbate to Yaoi? Damn no, they're guys. In my mind, they're guys. Can I masturbate to loli? Damn no, they're children. In my mind, it flags up "What the **** is this sh*t?". @Icare: I try ;D 
Thanks for the avatar Amoo :3
