http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?135939-Fantasy-Books
 Fantasy Books
 So, lately I've started to grow really interested in the fantasy genre. I read The Hobbit when I was a kid and really enjoyed it, but for some reason I never really read fantasy again until recently. Here are the ones I've read so far: *The Hobbit *Lord of the Rings *Mistborn (all three) *A Song of Ice and Fire (all five) *The Way of Kings (probably the best book I've read yet) *A couple of others I'm forgetting So, what are some of your favorite fantasy books? I'm looking for more to read, and right now I'm seriously considering Wheel of Time. Oh, quick note although I don't think it's necessary: I'm not interested in Harry Potter, Eragon, Twilight, or anything else that's shitty. 
 
 Ever read Narnia? Check out The first Kushiel trilogy, Golden Compass (and two sequels), Tales of Alvin Maker, and The Farseer Trilogy (slow burn) 
 His Dark Materials, despite a strong first book is complete bollocks. Its basically if Richard Dawkins remixed Narnia. I need to check that. I'm currently reading the second book in the SOIAF series, and despite being better written that I thought it'd be, its turning into a chore, mostly cuz I''m uptodate on the tv show. Anyway, I recomend The Cofluence trilogy. Now, the first book is fantasy, the second is fantasy/sci fi and the 3rd is mostly hard sci, but it ticked most of the fantasy boxes for me. http://www.amazon.com/Child-River-Fi.../dp/0380792966 Heres the first chapter from the first book. http://www.omegacom.demon.co.uk/child.htm 
 Last edited by Oh Snap.; 12-10-2012 at 11:39 AM. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 My favorite fantasy books are by Fred Sabrehagen and David Eddings. They are sorta old but I believe they are solid reads. There are a few others I like but these are my favorites out of the bunch. David Eddings: (All Titles are a separate Series) The Belgariad The Malloreon The Elenium The Tamuli The Dreamers Fred Sabrehagen: The Complete book of Swords (3 books) The Books of Lost Swords (8 books) 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by DUNN x DOLO My favorite fantasy books are by Fred Sabrehagen and David Eddings. They are sorta old but I believe they are solid reads. There are a few others I like but these are my favorites out of the bunch. David Eddings: (All Titles are a separate Series) The Belgariad The Malloreon The Elenium The Tamuli The Dreamers Fred Sabrehagen: The Complete book of Swords (3 books) The Books of Lost Swords (8 books) **** yeah David Eddings. His worlds and stories/background/lore may be a bit typical but they're solid and well put. But what I really love are his characters and the bucketloads of snark they bring with them. They really make his books and worlds come alive \o/ Ahem, anyway. Other than that I fear I really should pick up some more books.. if my study schedule would allow it.. I have started reading the Lord of the Rings (finally) and I have a Discworld book on hold for once I finish that. If that doesn't go well.. well I see enough names in this thread to keep me busy for a long time. 
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.' " - Isaac Asimov 
 Way of Kings is awesome and I have yet to read the Mistborn Trilogy. Try R.A. Salvatore's Legend of Drizzt Trilogy. The other books after get kind of boring but the Trilogy is sweet. I'm sure you must have heard of Robert Jordan's "The Wheel of Time" series? It'd probably take you 2 years to read all 14. Yeah the 14th one is coming out in January so I'm getting pretty pumped. 

 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos Way of Kings is awesome and I have yet to read the Mistborn Trilogy. Try R.A. Salvatore's Legend of Drizzt Trilogy. The other books after get kind of boring but the Trilogy is sweet. I'm sure you must have heard of Robert Jordan's "The Wheel of Time" series? It'd probably take you 2 years to read all 14. Yeah the 14th one is coming out in January so I'm getting pretty pumped. Speaking of R.A. Salvatore. you could also try the Crimson Shadow series. Yeah I know it sounds like some kind of fake superhero but its actually a good read as well. Alot of his books are. Speaking of Drizzit. Wasnt he part of a long series of books Salvatore made? I know he had his own books but he was part of another series/triology as well right? 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 The Wheel of Time series is probably your best option right now. I like it, even though I still haven't gotten back to reading it (stopped partway through book 8). The one problem it has is that since it's very long, it can get slow at some points. Entire books can seem borderline pointless overall (by which I mean the same things could have happened but in a much shorter amount of time/pages). And after a while the whole male/female aspect of the books can grow irritating. It's like watching a family sitcom with all the men vs. women-esque dialogue. So yeah, that can grow tiresome, but overall I really liked the books. I just stopped reading them since I was listening to the audio versions back to back to back for weeks on end and sort of just burned myself out. I really need to get back to them. If you would prefer more of a low-fantasy series, I definitely recommend the Tyrants and Kings, and Inhumans trilogies, both by John Marco. He's one of my favorite authors, and I loved both of those series so much. The Dark Tower series is partially a fantasy story (in addition to western, science fantasy, and horror), and I'd obviously recommend it to anyone. My favorite series of all time. Not classical fantasy in any way, but definitely has fantasy elements. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler The Wheel of Time series is probably your best option right now. I like it, even though I still haven't gotten back to reading it (stopped partway through book . The one problem it has is that since it's very long, it can get slow at some points. Entire books can seem borderline pointless overall (by which I mean the same things could have happened but in a much shorter amount of time/pages). And after a while the whole male/female aspect of the books can grow irritating. It's like watching a family sitcom with all the men vs. women-esque dialogue. So yeah, that can grow tiresome, but overall I really liked the books. I just stopped reading them since I was listening to the audio versions back to back to back for weeks on end and sort of just burned myself out. I really need to get back to them. If you would prefer more of a low-fantasy series, I definitely recommend the Tyrants and Kings, and Inhumans trilogies, both by John Marco. He's one of my favorite authors, and I loved both of those series so much. The Dark Tower series is partially a fantasy story (in addition to western, science fantasy, and horror), and I'd obviously recommend it to anyone. My favorite series of all time. Not classical fantasy in any way, but definitely has fantasy elements. Oh Struggler you've entered into the most boring period of the series honestly lol. I see why its been a bit since you last picked it up. Regardless a great series. I couldn't really read into The Dark Tower series because it simply didn't appeal to me in terms of the environment. I couldn't get through the first 3 chapters. I like brighter places. Regardless I'm sure that it appeals to a great many people considering all that my friend has told me. Oh also read the Dune trilogy. I didn't get through the entire 3rd book but its pretty awesome. 

 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos I couldn't really read into The Dark Tower series because it simply didn't appeal to me in terms of the environment. I couldn't get through the first 3 chapters. I like brighter places. Regardless I'm sure that it appeals to a great many people considering all that my friend has told me. The first book takes place in a desert. What's brighter than a desert? But how can I blame you for stopping after 3 chapters when you gave the book such a big chance... 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler The first book takes place in a desert. What's brighter than a desert? But how can I blame you for stopping after 3 chapters when you gave the book such a big chance... ahhhhh well I guess I'll try some more. 

 ^ You may be thinking of the Icewind Dale trilogy. Aside from that and the Dark Elf trilogy, he was also in the Legacy of the Drow, the Paths of Darkness and The Hunter's Blades books. Outside of R.A. Salvatore's books, I found "Spellfire" a decent read in the Forgotten Realms universe, as well as the Finder's Stone trilogy ( the first book of which is Azure bonds, similar to Curse of the Azure bonds game ). Granted I read all of these about 10-15 yrs ago, so I don't know if I would find them all that entertaining now, but back then they were great. 
 I found Driztz entertaining as hell when I was 15, but now they're just...dunno, too lightweight. Any of his other works worth checking? And respect to anyone thinking of reading Weel Of Time. Not only is it a billion books long you could probably kill a grown man with a single volume. Think I'll pass and just finally sit down and read the original Dune saga. I'm thinking of startinmg The Dark Tower series as well, I love all the concepts I've heard about. Maybe the graphic novel first? 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 You couldn't get through The Dark Tower because its not "bright" enough but you were able to read the first three books of Dune? That sound of breaking glass you heard was the the universe tearing asunder because Umberhulk and I agree on something. Buddy, you should probably try His Dark Materials mostly because it's only three books and if you end up not liking them it's not a huge time investment, unlike the Wheel of Time which is 13 books and counting. And the first Kushiel Trilogy was also great. Girly, but great. Jacqueline Carrey's style is very poetic without being dry. 
 Sig by Shannon Apple Go take this survey, help us make A4 better! I said I never had much use for one. Never said I didn't know how to use it. -Matthew Quigley 
 I had no idea that A4 had so many avid fantasy readers. I'm a pretty tough customer when it comes to tedious reading. For the most part, I hated the two most recent books in A Song of Ice and Fire for being 80% boring dialogue 20% actual plot development. I can't deal with long periods of pointless character development. Even in The Way of Kings I got really bored in the Shallan and Jasnah dialogue and almost went into a coma with the Shallan Kabsal parts. Wheel of Time being 14 books long may put it at the end of my reading list now. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee I had no idea that A4 had so many avid fantasy readers. I'm a pretty tough customer when it comes to tedious reading. For the most part, I hated the two most recent books in A Song of Ice and Fire for being 80% boring dialogue 20% actual plot development. I can't deal with long periods of pointless character development. Even in The Way of Kings I got really bored in the Shallan and Jasnah dialogue and almost went into a coma with the Shallan Kabsal parts. Wheel of Time being 14 books long may put it at the end of my reading list now. I need to read it, too. The first four book are universally well liked, but the rest of the books get a more varied reception. Given your post, I'd just erase Farseer trilogy from my list. They make Ice and Fire seem like a sprint. 
 Since Dune has come up I guess we are including some sci-fi with the fantasy? If so, the complete Hitckhiker's guide series of books was well written and entertaining imo. 
 If its scienifically possible it ain't fantasy! They do share a lot of elements, and I mean science = magic if you don't understand it right? And fantasy is by far the most popular genre here. Closely followed by 'pretentious books people pretend to be reading.' Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go finish 'Thus Spake Zarahustra.' 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 The Sword of Truth series? It's good in my opinion, when I first picked up The wizards first rule (the first book) I couldn't put it down. 
 I'd recommend David Gemmel's works, heroic fantasy at its best. Particularly the Drenai series. 
 Avatar & Signature courtesy of Shikinami_ 
 The Dresden Files is pretty good... or anything by Clayton Overstreet But the best in the world: Terry Pratchett 
 Has anyone read the 'Long Price Quartet? http://www.goodreads.com/series/4340...-price-quartet Its by Daniel Abraham and is 4 books long (theres 2 omnibus editions out that cover 2 books each). Saw it at the library and..well, yeah. The city-state of Saraykeht dominates the Summer Cities. Its wealth is beyond measure; its port is open to all the merchants of the world, and its ruler, the Khai Saraykeht, commands forces to rival the Gods. Commerce and trade fill the streets with a hundred languages, and the coffers of the wealthy with jewels and gold. Any desire, however exotic or base, can be satisfied in its soft quarter. Blissfully ignorant of the forces that fuel their prosperity, the people live and work secure in the knowledge that their city is a bastion of progress in a harsh world. It would be a tragedy if it fell. Saraykeht is poised on the knife-edge of disaster. At the heart of the city's influence are the poet-sorcerer Heshai and the captive spirit, Seedless, whom he controls. For all his power, Heshai is weak, haunted by memories of shame and humiliation. A man faced with constant reminders of his responsibilities and his failures, he is the linchpin and the most vulnerable point in Saraykeht's greatness. Far to the west, the armies of Galt have conquered many lands. To take Saraykeht, they must first destroy the trade upon which its prosperity is based. Marchat Wilsin, head of Galt's trading house in the city, is planning a terrible crime against Heshai and Seedless. If he succeeds, Saraykeht will fall. Amat, House Wilsin's business manager, is a woman who rose from the slums to wield the power that Marchat Wilsin would use to destroy her city. Through accidents of fate and circumstance Amat, her apprentice Liat, and two young men from the farthest reaches of their society stand alone against the dangers that threaten the city. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I think I should have the book by Tuesday. Yo, we're group reading this, so if any one wants to join in send me a pm. 
 I can defo start this next week. http://www.goodreads.com/review/show...mment_64073920 3 people so far, the more the merrier. Or should that be...Merry-err. That was a Lord Of The Rings joke. You're welcome. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I don't understand the fantasy genre. I thought it was like futuristic or what we would like to happen... so... How does Lord of the rings count as fantasy? Who wants a ring of evil that does evil stuff and evil people fight for. Why would anyone want to be a barbaric midget or dwarf and fight goblins who are ugly looking demon things and have no technology? Imo fantasy books are like romance and scientific/future stuff. Harry potter 1 2 3 were the only ones I red in this genre that I remember. And if LOTR counts as fantasy then so is eragon >.> 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
