http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?160002-2014-A4-Annual-Awards-WINNERSSS!!!!
 2014. A4 Annual Awards- WINNERSSS!!!!
 So the Winners of our Annual Awards are.... Moderator of the Year: Shannon the Sour Apple Best New Member: Yoda Member of the Year: Dunn Master Debater : Tenken and Buddylee Best Contributor : Yoda Most Artistic : Gaff Gaming Guru : Struggler-chan Most Knowledgeable Otaku: Ned Writer's Block's Finest:MoSteel Roleplayer's Realm's Best Roleplayer : Randoms and Faerhen Most Enthusiastic Roleplayer :Schmuser Name Blogger of the Year : Totalchaos Music Guru : Oh Snap Most Missed Member : SweetSakura Funniest Member : Oh Snap Biggest CamWhore : Mihstah Gobshite of the Year : Dunndolo and Mihstah <3 what a wonderful couple Event of the Year : A4 Idol Contest Epic Thread : Why does my mum hate me? Most Awkward Thread/Post : How do I get a gf? Best Anime: Kill la Kill Non-Anime Tv Show : Dr. Who! Movie of the Year: Interstellar and Guardians of the Galaxy Manga of the Year : Bleach Game of the Year: Dragon Age : Inquisition 
 Â Spoiler Â Spoiler 
 Oh yeah, I forgot this was a thing. I'll take my award and the accompanying prize money and be on my way then. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I won something. Awesome. 
 Â Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms I won something. Awesome. High five. Hahaha. XD Looks like some great wins there, especially for the threads/movie/game bit. :3 Grats to all~ 
xxavacredxx
 Thanks so much Elfa for doing this. I wouldn't have had the time til the weekend. And Well Done everyone! 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple Thanks so much Elfa for doing this. I wouldn't have had the time til the weekend. And Well Done everyone! You are welcome. I figured I could do it since you are busy. Originally Posted by DUNN x DOLO I am the most loved and hated member on the forums this year. I wanna thank all who voted for me....and also give you all middle fingers. I <3 you mutha****ers. ^_^ You should stick that finger up your ass :P And congratulations to everyone!!!! 
 Â Spoiler Â Spoiler 
 Congrats! ..I don't think I voted in half of those....But Yay! 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I am the most loved and hated member on the forums this year. I wanna thank all who voted for me....and also give you all middle fingers. I <3 you mutha****ers. ^_^ 
 Â Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Ha! Suck it other people who were nominated in my categories but didn't win. Because I did. Bring on the winners perks. Like not having to view those intrusive and creepy as hell ads. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Thank you!!!!!!! Though ned probably should have won best contributor for his new show threads. But I'm glad he won one of the polls. I look forward to contributing to the forum again this year. Hey I've already past my one year anniversary!!!!! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Let's get some wine where the drums? 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action! Â Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 I was surprised that I got nominated for funniest member. But now that feeling is gone as I only got one vote... And it was mine Oh well.. That just means I'll have to do better next year. Congrats everybody who won! 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Congratulations to the winners! I'll just hav to be content with having nominated. Thanks to whoever did it and elfa who voted lol ðŸ˜ 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Congratz everyone 
 I forgot this was happening lol there were no fights or chairs being thrown or people rolling their eyes and giving people rabies lol so all in all this was a very low key event. Congrats to you winners! 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 I didn't get a single PM, Skype message or Facebook whine about this whole thing, so I am happy. Last year was fugging insane for me. It could have been a bit more eventful and fun though, but I guess... small mercies. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple I didn't get a single PM, Skype message or Facebook whine about this whole thing, so I am happy. Last year was fugging insane for me. It could have been a bit more eventful and fun though, but I guess... small mercies. Its all because of my calming influence....... Thanks everybody . Here's hoping 2015 is just as good 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Stuff happened last year? I want to know what it was. I hope I was the cause of it. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Sucks no one nominated me for anything lol. I never get noms for anything. Then again, I guess I have been a lot less active this last year. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Sucks no one nominated me for anything lol. I never get noms for anything. Then again, I guess I have been a lot less active this last year. If you would have smacked me and been like yo nessa nominate me for something I would have, or you could have bribed me with sweets lol 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Stuff happened last year? I want to know what it was. I hope I was the cause of it. I'm sure you were the cause of Shannon's insanity, take pride in that lmao. 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 I still cringe a bit when I see that "c" in my username...pls patch 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action! Â Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Oh...for a moment I thought I have put vulgar slang that begins with c next to your username... Now I wish I did. 
 Â Spoiler Â Spoiler 
