http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159644-Please-discuss-the-positive-sides-of-the-slice-of-life-genre
[Anime] Please discuss the positive sides of the slice of life genre
 I've often said I shy away from slice of life anime's because I need something unique or at least funny and/or touching moments in it (a la ROM or ROM com). However as I'm starting to watch more rom-coms and the like I might be short changing a whole genre. So what would be a sign that a show is more than just a simple school anime where nothing happens. By that I mean no real romance, no aliens, no harems, no fighting, etc. I mean I'm not looking for recommendations exactly I guess as I have plenty to watch. I'm just interested in knowing why I should explore a new set of anime's I may otherwise completely ignore. FYI glasslip has a really slow start and its scifi-ish hook was the only reason I stuck with it. I'm glad I did because it ended up being a really cute romance story. But dang that took forever to get going. So I mean if slice of life shows are like glasslip but without much romance or any plot device that makes it different (,like aliens or harems etc) than it still may be a category I'll avoid. So I may be rambling a bit but I'm trying to find out if there is a way to spot jems in an otherwise blah category of shows. Thanks. (I'll never give up action, fantasy, harem or ecchi by the way!!!) 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 So I know you said you weren't asking for recommendations, but there is an anime I just started that so perfectly matched your description; Originally Posted by yoda313 So what would be a sign that a show is more than just a simple school anime where nothing happens. By that I mean no real romance, no aliens, no harems, no fighting, etc. that I had to share it. It is "The Daily Life of Highschool Boys", and it is literally JUST a school anime, they actually discuss that at the very beginning of the show. So if you want an anime about just school, I would check out that. But as for your main question, I don't really know, sometimes it is hard to explain why like a specific genre. I think mainly I like slice-of-life because, well, it's life, (Most of the time odd, but still life.) Sometimes it is rejuvenating to see others go through struggles and feats that you have went through as well. As for it being different, I would say they tend to focus more, (And sometimes pull off better,) character development. But as for completely avoiding a genre because there is nothing that sets it apart, I think that would be your loss. For instance, I don't particularly enjoy Mecha, but I have watched a few that I actually thought were pretty cool. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Um there's two Slice of life anime that sort of spells out why you should look into the genre, Kemono no souja erin, and Moribito Guardian of the Spirit(created by the same author granted, but still, check them out), after them, you'll be hooked(Kemono no souja erin picks up at the end of ep 7, the first 7 episodes is basically the backstory of Erin's upbringing, and the event that would change the course of her life, where Moribito Guardian of the Spirit starts off super fast, and slows down midway). Neither one of those are your Romance or rom-coms that are everywhere in the genre, no are they school based(well Kemono no souja erin spends a lot of time with a school setting technically, but It's nothing like you would inmagine, when thinking of a school setting), none of them takes place in Japan or in modern day period, neither has much action, and neither is romance/comedy based at all. To your question: The art is usually a clear give away, all typical school, romance, slice of life, ect anime use the same plain art style. It's a really old semi realism style going back to pretty much the 60s, although It's a carbon copy of the 80s version. If it differs from such at all, It's a sure bet It's not a dime a dozen Slice of Life(also the entire anime in general is sure to be of a much higher quality all around as well) 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Isn't Morbito Guardian of the Spirit a Fantasy series set in a Medieval Japan-like setting? I don't really see that as Slice-of-Life. 

 It provides lax connections to the daily lives of many people while entertaining them with a very real storyline of "funny how life works" 
 Originally Posted by Finfan Isn't Morbito Guardian of the Spirit a Fantasy series set in a Medieval Japan-like setting? I don't really see that as Slice-of-Life. It's a Fantasy setting, but make no mistake, It's very much a Slice of Life anime(a huge part of the anime is just every day life things, that a kid who was once prince, now has to learn(making money like normal people, how to survive the winter, how to socialize with people, cutting wood, ect). It's a Slice of life. Slice of life Isn't a setting label, It's about the kind of scenarios the characters find them self in(in a Slice of Life genre, that entails the char doing basic every day life type of things, which Moribito Guardian of the Spirit is full of). 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Pacing, followed by a character or characters in which you need to see what the outcome is going to be. When I watched a title like Rec, I realized only half way through the series that it is just an ordinary slice of life show. But I enjoyed the main Protagonist and wanted to see what her career held. In Touch I wanted to see how the main character interacted as he matured and the dynamic of the relation, and a twin (with baseball thrown in) In Lovely Complex, I enjoyed the juxtaposed characters in the main leads and how different, yet similar they were. When it comes to romances, I normally give them at least 5 episodes to hook me. I think in an action title like a mecha, you probably should be hooked in the first 3. However, in a romance, rom/com or slice of life I like to give it 5 episodes to make me enjoy the cast. Obviously there were a few romances that were so god-awful I just could not give them even 3. I think if it is a Rom-com, it should have at least made you chuckle, or smile by then, and introduced you to a couple of characters you want to watch. 
 
 Thanks everyone. I don't usually have a problem with a slow start. Like I said glasslip is pretty dull early on but picks up later. I'll admit bodacious space pirates was dull until about the fifth or sixth episode but it had too much potential and I'm glad I finished it. So it seems like I need to take it on a case by case basis if I want to do this. I guess previewing with trailers would be the best. Also like it was mentioned I'll need to give them more time than other shows. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Thanks everyone. I don't usually have a problem with a slow start. Like I said glasslip is pretty dull early on but picks up later. I'll admit bodacious space pirates was dull until about the fifth or sixth episode but it had too much potential and I'm glad I finished it. So it seems like I need to take it on a case by case basis if I want to do this. I guess previewing with trailers would be the best. Also like it was mentioned I'll need to give them more time than other shows. Well most Slice of Life anime start slow because they need to incorporate a ton of background story for the setting atleast, if not for the setting, and the characters upfront. It's pretty standard for the first 4 ep(7 for Kemono no souja erin, but that's a 50 ep series, with a Fantasy setting, so yea, a lot had to be explained upfront, It's really a small fraction for the size of the series though, and I guarantee you, after ep 7, you'll be convinced you're in for something truly special, so don't let the 7 ep thing scare you away) to give the impression It's slow, but that's because It's not really part of the anime, It's a prelude to the anime. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 I think you would like Uchuu Kyoudai just watched it really good slice of life. About two brothers striving towards there goal to get to space. There is light comedy, drama, and basicly no romance. It is a good slice of life. My favirote Slice of life is nana. It is super sad. It may be sad but it is interesting and makes you want to watch more. Slice of lifes originally sounded stupid but i Like it since its usually people striving towards there dreams. 

 Thanks zoltor and joker. I'll keep those shows in mind. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I could give you a pretty good list of shows that you would probably really enjoy. Slice of Life shows take a really long time for me to watch simply because they take a while to pick up speed. But, slice of life shows have a lot of really cool character development and some cool story. K-On! Daily Lives of High School Boys (just a comedy) Lucky Star Hanasaku Iroha 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Slice of life is all about seeing and experiencing life in a much more vivid way than often times we do in real life. Finding the beauty in everyday things we take for granted, even the painful things. Sometimes a love lost can be as sweet as a love found, just in a different way. There are many wonderful things out there if we take the time to really see them. Slice of life is about these kinds of things. 5 Centimeters Per Second I think is pretty exemplary of what the genre is. It's all about the beauty and purity of a first love and what might have been. I've shown it to several people and the reaction is always different. Everyone experiences the story in a different way because we all have our own unique past experiences we use for comparison. I even find that the experience can be very different re-watching it. There are small things you miss the first time through or you see deeper into the characters knowing their full story. Not every anime can really make you feel and make you think. A good slice of life anime can do this. 
 @david - isn't 5cm more of a romance story in vignette form??? I liked it quite a bit. But I thought it would be classified more as a romance story? Thanks for your thoughts though @ scary hobo - I loved locodolls and I've been meaning to get to k on sometime. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Romance is often the main theme of slice of life anime. It doesn't necessarily have to be the case but often times it is. 
