http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140815-Shingeki-no-Kyojin-(Attack-on-Titan)/page12
[Action] Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack on Titan) - Page 12
 i couldn't take this episode so i had to read the manga to find out who the titan was 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 SnK is doing a good job building up to a big moment, for one, I like the flashbacks and explaining it does..that music plays at the perfect time too. 
 Am I the only one who thinks that  Spoiler the female titan is Eren's mom? I mean his dad could've injected her right? Can't wait till sunday 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Originally Posted by JoeyManga Am I the only one who thinks that  Spoiler the female titan is Eren's mom? I mean his dad could've injected her right? Can't wait till sunday You have a point but with yellow hair? Everyone thinks it's Annie. Oh well, let's see for the next episodes. 
 © 
 Haha the manga has gone further than that >.< I love how the titans move. So funny 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle Haha the manga has gone further than that >.< I love how the titans move. So funny Oh. So who's that Titan? Haha So true. They are running like idiots plus their funny expressions. 
 © 
 Originally Posted by JoeyManga Am I the only one who thinks that  Spoiler the female titan is Eren's mom? I mean his dad could've injected her right? Can't wait till sunday  Spoiler but she was devouwered by a titan in the beginning....or did she do like Eren did? When he got swallowed by the Titan? Transformed inside the Titan?! SUNDAY MUST COME ALREADY 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I still think its Annie. The titan is powerful and looks so goddamn similar. Also they haven't shown Annie in a while. 
 Originally Posted by Chunibyou I still think its Annie. The titan is powerful and looks so goddamn similar. Also they haven't shown Annie in a while.  Spoiler She went to the Military Police, I doubt it. but I think that the Military Police has something to do with this, since they wanted Eren so badly before. JUST A THEORY 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I know who it is (From being spoiled by tumblr awhile back ) & I have to admit it is pretty obvious. 

 Originally Posted by Alter DRexz  Spoiler She went to the Military Police, I doubt it. but I think that the Military Police has something to do with this, since they wanted Eren so badly before. JUST A THEORY I agree to this. I think it not her. But if it's her, how the heck did she went outside the wall? To begin with, she in the MP. I think I need to see the manga now. I can't wait. 
 © 
 Originally Posted by Rin. Oh. So who's that Titan? Haha So true. They are running like idiots plus their funny expressions. Haha read it for yourself :P XD Ikr, especially the one in episode 17. That titan actually made me piss myself laughing 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Well, ****.  Spoiler After episode 20, still don't know who was inside the female titan. as for the people who ***** about knowing who it was, it's not like we're going to ask you who it was. and besides this is the anime thread, and not the manga thread. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Just watched episode 20. Pretty amazing episode. But I'm not exactly surprised at this point XP  Spoiler Going on my idea that Annie is the female titan, then I presume she is the mysterious figure in the manoeuvre gear. I honestly wouldn't surprised if she started killing people. She always had such a damn grim look. Another idea I came up with (and this is probably not the case), what if the mysterious person is Eren's dad? Trying to protect the secret in the basement. I mean, we're getting close the end of this series and his Dad has yet to make an appearance. 
 Sweet episode! So many times I was like, "Oh crap, sh!t's getting real here!!" 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Episode 20 was really good. Wish it didn't leave off on a cliffhanger.  Spoiler I also think that the titan is Annie. Even though it showed her leaving the group for the military police. it didn't actually show her with the military police. it just showed her walking away from the Scout Regiment Recruitment. and when the female titan was killing the scouts that were attacking her she was using some pretty sophisticated moves. It reminded me of when Annie pinned down Eren. i don't know its just a hypothesis. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Originally Posted by Dragnight44 Episode 20 was really good. Wish it didn't leave off on a cliffhanger.  Spoiler I also think that the titan is Annie. Even though it showed her leaving the group for the military police. it didn't actually show her with the military police. it just showed her walking away from the Scout Regiment Recruitment. and when the female titan was killing the scouts that were attacking her she was using some pretty sophisticated moves. It reminded me of when Annie pinned down Eren. i don't know its just a hypothesis. I completely agree. 
 This episode was indeed very interesting. They usually go with cliffhangers though, or at least leave off when things are about to get interesting. :P  Spoiler As for the Female Titan. It's a given to be Annie. First of all: Blonde hair. The only person that I can think of with blonde hair but not in the Survey Corps: Annie. 2nd, the eyes. Annie also has these silver-like eyes similar to Eren. There's hint number 2. And last, there's a slight point a few episodes back where you can clearly see the Female Titan's nose. Look similar to someone else's nose? Exactly, very similar to Annie's. 
 
 Good episode! Spoiler consists of what happened during the episode, so if you've seen episode 20 then nothing will be spoiled  Spoiler Talk about over doing when fire the rounds into the Female titan, not just one wave, but three haha. Got to admit I did love the music where they tried to defend the Titan, though I wasn't expecting the end, I actually thought they'd succeed in extracting the person from the titan, though I rather this then them actually just easily extracting it, I hate how it ended on a cliff hanger but at the same time I loved it! 

 Guys, stop talking about the manga in this thread. Even if it's in spoilers, I do not want to see any talk of obviousness in this thread.. We are watching the show and don't want it spoiled. Spoilers tags are for plot giveaways that have happened already in the ANIME only so that people not caught up yet won't get it spoiled. Common sense, please. EDIT: Some posts deleted. No one asked for hint-y spoilers on who the Titans are and we don't care if you know. Don't do it again. Go to the manga thread and discuss if you want to talk about that. Thank you. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Great episode! Well my theory doesn't hold up any longer lol...Man the visuals were really stunning, and the action intense...Wish we could see Mikasa some more, my only complaint tho. 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Oh my god next episode out tomorrow, I CAN'T ****ING WAIT. 
 OH MY FU CKING GOD <3 That is all I have to say about Attack on Titan o3o 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ OH MY FU CKING GOD <3 That is all I have to say about Attack on Titan o3o LOL did you just start watching? Your profile pic changed and I've never seen you post on this thread 
 HAHAHAHA! I started following/watching this series when it first came out as an epic hype! Just that, episode 20. AMG #TOOMUCHACTIONFORMETOHANDLE And I actually have posted about AoT! In the first couple of pages, was asking people about it and all that jazz 
 
