http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155874-668
 668
 Let me just go ahead and flesh out how much I enjoy Kishi's writing right now. Out of all the HST there are 3 mysteries to me (one from each series) that would make me at least moderately keep up with the series' even if they go through troubled times. The #1 would be Bankai's from Bleach Captains. If Kubo failed at everything else he kept an ace in the hole by not revealing some favorite character's strongest abilities and ever since we found out about bankai it's just loomed the audience. Great writing. The #2 is the origin and use of the 8 chakra gates, specifically the gate of death. Around chapter 80 or so we were introduced to the hardworking genius combo of Lee and Gai who took the reader's heart and despite very little characterization from Lee and Gai the audience was easily able to feel empathy towards them. Have you ever not been good at something but excelled via effort? I have and it's sure one hell of a hard road and a good reward when you finally succeed. When Lee and Gai said the words in part 1 "To Protect My Way of the Ninja" that phrase truly had meaning to me. I was screaming at Lee to dust Gaara's a*** during that fight. Despite him losing, him pushing a jinchuriki only being a Genin with Taijutsu? That's f***ing badass and amazing. In the world of bulls*** ocular powers, special demons, crazy kekki genkais there is something there for someone who is willing to give up everything else to be successful. As the story goes on we get to see Gai use the gates against fake Akatsuki, Swordsman of the Mist, etc. Now we finally get to see one of the most waited for and forbidden techniques in the series' history. It wasn't a plot device either. In chapter 80 something Kakashi tells Sakura that opening the 8th gate gives the user a power easily exceeding that of a Hokage. Now in the last moments we get to see that. f***ing amazing. The origin had to come from somewhere. Gai told Lee he used to be a failure too. It being his dad where he learned it from was good writing. Despite his father like Kakashi's ending his career as a 'failure' they both passed on something great to their sons that are helping protect the current Shinobi world. Dai's springtime of youth gates technique to Gai and Kakashi's father taught him the value of comrades even if it took Obito later for him to realize it. I applaud Kishi for this chapter. In case anyone cares the 3rd is obviously what OP is. -- So yea this chapter is getting a lot of undeserved hate in my opinion. Your thoughts? 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
