http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158129-What-was-your-first-job/page3
[General Discussion] What was your first job? - Page 3
 I was working in a after school program with kids. Called the Boy's and Girl's Club. 
 I was an EMT in a theme park. Held that job for 6 years. Around the third year mark took a second job as a city EMT on the streets and held both of them until I enlisted in the Air Force. I'm thinking about returning to the street ambulance job actually. 
 My first job was selling some terrible newspaper with 0 substance. I sold them well at first then i got older and less cute and there was no way i could sell 100 in one day ever again. 
 My first job was as a waitress. Didn't like it very much haha, but it paid some bills. I've worked in a few different restaurants at different times. I've worked in many different jobs since then, some better than others. Currently working as a graphic designer, which is a job that I totally love. Well... it would be perfect except for some of the clients. Often times, we are just pixel pushers for ugly ideas, but if the client won't budge even after extensive advice and nudging in the right direction, you just have to give them what they want. XD. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 my first job was at taco bell but i only worked there for about 3 months from june to september before i had to move and quit. i hated it though no one got along and it was a very disfunctional work environment. i had panic attacks before i went all the time but it did give me some confidence. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 I was a carpark attendant at a show we have here yearly. I remember the weather being crap for the full 2 weeks I was working there too. Good money though. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 I had a working internship doing computer repair at a business that specializes in providing technology to the visually impaired, and training them in using it. 
 Steam - obscenex2 League of Legends - Obscene Sardine 
 Handing out flyers... Not very spectacular. But it helped me realise how impolite people can be and how to cope with it 
 my first legit job was a fast food cook. crap pay, crap work, glad i escaped it in one piece. 
 Who does like Waiting on tables... Don't answer that. Sushi-Chef/Dish Washer at a local Japanese restaurant. Being a shy and awkward 15 year old I made several faux paus with my Japanese co-workers resulting in one of the head Chefs loathing my very existence throughout my 2 year employment there, constantly criticizing me, mocking me to my face, ripping apart every dish I made in search of errors and asking me to translate various vulgar or sexual phrases. So yeah, not bitter at all haha. Learnt the lingo a bit and made some money at least. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 World champion eel greaser is a profession yes. So that is my first profession. I have also ripped out hogs jowls brutally for a living but I prefer not to remember that time in my life. 
 Originally Posted by henk World champion eel greaser is a profession yes. So that is my first profession. I have also ripped out hogs jowls brutally for a living but I prefer not to remember that time in my life. dude, we are going to get along so well. i want to hear more of your life as a jowl-ripper. 
weh mir, oh weh
 Originally Posted by atrocity dude, we are going to get along so well. i want to hear more of your life as a jowl-ripper. Pour yourself some lube and have a seat. I remember it well. Rob Ford had rustled up my services as a hog jowler (which I had been taught to do by ass pirates when I was a slave to Val Kilmers massive grease farm) in order to get hog jowls for his rune. So here's what I did; I rubbed my entire body in holy herbs and Jesus oil and clothed myself in a thong made of Orson Welles beard, then I recited the holy creed of the apostle BIG ; **** *****ES GET MONEY, 69 times exactly. After my ass cheeks were sufficiently seasoned by this ritual, I descended into the hog mines. After lactating my man milk upon the hogs, I clamped my horrible dangling ass around their necks, summoned a knife elf, and grabbed the hogs jowls and tore them brutally. PPPPPAAAULLLLLFFFFFFUUUUUSSSSSSCCCCOOOOOO was the sound the hogs made. After bringing my catch to Rob Fords holy cave rune, we said an incantation, a bright light emerged from his prostate and we communicated with the hog god. It was, a good day yes. 
 Originally Posted by henk Pour yourself some lube and have a seat. I remember it well. Rob Ford had rustled up my services as a hog jowler (which I had been taught to do by ass pirates when I was a slave to Val Kilmers massive grease farm) in order to get hog jowls for his rune. So here's what I did; I rubbed my entire body in holy herbs and Jesus oil and clothed myself in a thong made of Orson Welles beard, then I recited the holy creed of the apostle BIG ; **** *****ES GET MONEY, 69 times exactly. After my ass cheeks were sufficiently seasoned by this ritual, I descended into the hog mines. After lactating my man milk upon the hogs, I clamped my horrible dangling ass around their necks, summoned a knife elf, and grabbed the hogs jowls and tore them brutally. PPPPPAAAULLLLLFFFFFFUUUUUSSSSSSCCCCOOOOOO was the sound the hogs made. After bringing my catch to Rob Fords holy cave rune, we said an incantation, a bright light emerged from his prostate and we communicated with the hog god. It was, a good day yes. i love you. more. 
weh mir, oh weh
 Counting supplies, assisting larger deliveries and clearing snow for local garden center. Not the most thrilling job but i enjoyed doing it. 
Understanding 100% of anything is impossible. That’s why we spend all our lives trying to understand the thinking of others. That’s what makes life so interesting. 
