http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117352-What-are-you-currently-watching/page109
[Anime] What are you currently watching? - Page 109
 I am about to start watching CLANNAD (sub), Cowboy Bebop (dub), and Haibane Renmei (dub) herd good things about these shows. 
 Just started Deadman Wonderland because a friend recommended it to me about a year ago and I just never had the time for it and so far I'm loving it. I just finished episode 2 btw 
 Gintama Bleach Ao No Exorcist Ramen Fighter Miki Naruto Death Note Hellsing Another Kill la Kill Beezelbub and I just started One Piece (yeah, I have a lot of catching up to do one that one) I watch using Crunchy Roll, YouTube, and goodanime.net(aka Animania on Android devices) 
 Say "I love you" Free! Iwatobi Swim Club Kuroko no Basket No. 6 Polar Bear Cafe 
 Nearly finished my macross run im upto macross 7, but i got in the mood to finally watch the original fist of the north star so im watching that too 
 {individual 3} - join individual 11 - join the revolution! 
 I just downloaded Angel Beats and I am currently watching that. 
 Attack on Titan Only a few episodes in since I haven't really had the time lately but so far I think it's living up to its hype 
  Spoiler 
 Currently watching White Album and White Album 2. So far I like both of them, but it kinda sucks that White Album 2 is an ongoing series so I have to wait for episodes to be released.. 
 Right now I'm watching Sword Art Online as episodes are released on Toonami. Also Aria the Scarlet Ammo via On Demand. I just finished Attack on Titan so soon I'm going to start watching Rurouni Kenshin, FLCL, and Mirai Nikki. Also I'll re-watch Rozen Maiden and watch the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th, seasons afterwards. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 Started watching Juuni Kokuki to have something to watch inbetween new episodes this season. Really good so far 
Trying my best to get to know people
 I'm watching Uchouten Kazoku. I'm having a bit of trouble liking this one since in this world it is apparently OK to kill and eat intelligent thinking creatures. 

 trying to finish Anohana, Fate Zero and EVA 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Angel Beats! at the moment. 
 Kill La Kill Episode 6 Magi Episode 1 
 Rosario Vampire I'm on episode 5 and so far my favorite part is when the fat stalker guy was following Kurumu around and hes hitting on her with what I assume are supposed to be sexy poses. So far this show really cracks me up 
 Welcome to the NHK Enjoying it a fair bit. 
 I'm watching Chobits Season One on Steam right now. And I'm on episode 5 at the moment.&nbsp; 
 To aru majutsu no index 
 Halfway in Fate stay night 
Understanding 100% of anything is impossible. That’s why we spend all our lives trying to understand the thinking of others. That’s what makes life so interesting. 
 Just finished digimon adventures and Angel Beats! Re-watching One Piece from the beginning and going to rewatch the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya along with Ladies vs Butlers and Mayo Chiki. 
 Started watching Ouran High School Club, because I've heard mixed reviews. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 watching Free!, Beyond the Horizon, and Golden Time (need more anime...) and @chillsbro oo just finished haruhi suzumiya, its so good XD but i kinda want MOAR 

 Ergo Proxy; visually nifty, hot protagonist, dystopian cyberpunk feels mmmmmmmm 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
 I'm re-watching DN Angel. It's an older show but it has a good plot and likeable characters. It's still good on a second watch. 

 Just got done with episode 14 of A Certain Magical Index, and am only a couple episodes into Little Busters! Refrain, even though I've been waiting forever to see it... now i feel bad 
