http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159735-Making-an-entrance
 Making an entrance
 . So by logic I thought I'd make my first post on this site an introduction where I guess i'll give you guys a better understanding of me. Apologies in advance, most of the content of this post you'll probably find on my bio that is if you go further than just typing out a "welcome to a4" or whatever and pretty much never contacting me again, aha I say this because It happens a lot on forums and yeah, I'm guilty of doing that too. Well, I'll get to it. My name's Jesse, Male, UK (asl...haha) I got the idea for the username from one of my favourite cars, toyota celica but that's not really about me. I have a tendancy to use commas a lot, It's a bad habit I know. I'm a video game and music enthusiast, I'd be more than happy to discuss games and music, discovering new music for me is fantastic so i'm always open to whatever you got however I'm not exactly a fan of K-pop, It kinda annoys me and it gets on my nerves when people auto play it on their profiles on other sites hahah. What kind of music i'm into? Almost anything besides that, country, rock, emo and most metal. I love Hip hop, classical music and just chilled music, like I don't know 'Marcus D' perhaps. This is starting to drag a little so i'll finish up by saying if you want to know more about me I've got a bio with a little more info on my profile. I don't mind meeting new people, actually I look forward to it just keep in mind that just because I don't use emotes much that doesn't mean I'm serious, I've been accused of sounding too serious haha but I don't mind if you do or don't use emotes as long as the conversations, you know, intelligent. Last thing, This is my first and only account on this site. I say that because truthfully I know there's a lot of people who have a thing where they make a lot of accounts ( I call them hoarders) and even make new intro posts and what not, What i'm trying to get at I'm new, so welcomes are much appreciated. Those who actually made it to the end are probably the ones i'd like talking to the most, means a teeny block of text doesn't intimidate you haha 
