http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140975-Game-of-Thrones/page7
 Game of Thrones - Page 7
 Originally Posted by umberhulk2 Also, I just want to say that I really like Bolton's actor. In that I find him creepy as **** and want to wash my hands and brush my teeth every time he's on screen, I completely agree. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Yeah, Tywin spent an awful lot of time writing letters...... Also, the Freys and Lannisters are connected by marriage (Tywins sister + one the Frey sons). It was only a matter of time before they picked a side and it was always gonna be the Lannisters unless Robb took portions of the South. Its at least 70% his fault. I'm not completely convinced that Bolton was after anything other than his own self-interest and the writing on the wall, there. My point was that I figured he already had the deal in place with Frey when he let Jaime go, and was looking to mend fences with the Lannisters, rather than he had already been flipped to their sides. I guess it's an academic point. Also, with that many offspring, I figure just about everybody's attached to the Freys somehow, which is probably very advantageous for him. Extremely strategic castle AND one of his children married to freaking everybody? Money. It probably alludes to the inevitable final showdown with the Others/White Walkers. There's still debate on that point among readers of the books. This is all I'll say, but it could have been solved by now, and it could be something that's still coming. As far as actors, yeah, this has been extremely well cast, I think. I'm wondering how sympathetic everybody's going to be for Theon after they spend a season cutting parts of him off. That'll tell us how good an actor he is. But yeah, Brienne. I mean, I've never quite figured out how you call for that- "Wanted, ugly manly woman with her eyes too far apart and messed up teeth." How many people would be like, oh yeah, that's me! But being ugly and manly and being able to deliver lines would be cool. Or like, just go the extra step into REALLY awkward, I'd be ok with that, too. I love Olena Tyrell as a character. I'm looking forward to her interactions with Sansa and Cersei next season or so. 
 I think oh snap is right, it would make sense that it would be the white walkers because fire is their weakness and the prophecy showed that stannis was a winner in that. Also, rewatching Doctor Who and I've noticed quite a few actors from game of thrones. So far I've only seen the dude form the house of undying, jorah, and gendry playing minor roles. So weird to see them. Theon is actually not a bad actor at all. Just an uintereintg character that is all. Also, I think the dude should be revealed right about now as i think it's dragging on too much. I just started the 3rd book. Protip for people thinking of reading the books - start at the beginning or it won't make sense. what the hell man i thought you werent planning on reading the books cuz its a pain in the ass to read and yawn inducing. 
 Last edited by Zer0; 06-07-2013 at 09:57 PM. 
 Theon is a fantastic character. 
 One day to go. And then its back to finishing book 2, starting 3 again and waiting for teh Breaking Bad finale. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Why not just go straight into book 3? Breaking bad season 5 lost its suspense that it had previously. I wont bother starting to watch till its finished. EDIT; Loved the episode. Nothing of sort of the red wedding in surprise(sort of the aftermath like expected) but I just loved the interactions between the lannisters, and it also helps that they are the ****ing best actors in the entire show which makes it enjoyable even if they are just talking. Loved the small council meeting and Tywin treating Jeoffrey like he is 5 LOL> he had to go to bed lmfao. Tyrion make intelligent points that this act of cowardice will most likely bite them in the ass later. Tywin kind of contradicted himself in saying that he is selfish because he looks after for his family. Tyirion is awesome. Lordy varys doing what he did shows more of his character, that he really does care for the better of the realm and thinks that Tyrion would make a good ruler. But isn't secretly a Targaryan supporter? So ramsay is the the tortured due. No surprise he is boltons bastard son but I think Theon (once he gets saved by his sister) will have a major character change and will be like Lord Varyus number 2 or something, minus being a monk. Khalessi is just immensely boring and will most likely be boring till she hits the shores in the west. The whole thing with Melisandras prediction that Davos is important and the fact Davos can read now is foreshadowing an alliance with Khalessi eventually. Stannis needs a great equalizing ally forced to help him against the upcoming new players in the realm. I'm really pissed that they didn't show Jaimes full interaction with Cersei by cutting him off. They really need to stop with the ****ing switching stories at the best moments, like really. Given cerseis talk with Tyrion and whatnot and based on her body language I can tell she really hates Jeoffrey and might end up killing him as well , that's my prediction. It would make sense that Cersei kills him at this point as she really didn't mean for all this to happen but in some ways it is her fault. Did anyone else notice how everything looked so much better visually? Anyways I will probably start reading the book before they start the next season zzzzzzzzz 
 Last edited by Zer0; 06-09-2013 at 11:38 PM. 
 Really disappointing end to that season finale, given it was named Mhysa. Great opportunity to introduce Lady Stonheart there at the end. Or hell, Coldhands at least. Didn't really care for the changes they made to the Stannis/Davos scenes either, but it still worked okay. Arya ruled. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Really disappointing end to that season finale, given it was named Mhysa. Great opportunity to introduce Lady Stonheart there at the end. Or hell, Coldhands at least. Didn't really care for the changes they made to the Stannis/Davos scenes either, but it still worked okay. Arya ruled. 'Mhysa so so underwhelmed.' Oh, and Shae is waaaay worse than Brienne. In Tarths defence, her character comes across as awkward in the books and it doesn't help her dialogue in general sucks. Guess it can't be helped when she spends most of the time responding to being called a 'wench.' Thats when people are being nice to her. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Game of Thrones – Season 3 Episode 10 was a good episode, but you have to feel bad for theon and how his manhood is no more....even worse we find out theons father receives his manhood and his father cast him aside since he no longer is a man...... (at least his sister is their for him) 
http://www.youtube.com/user/henshinXIkeda?feature=mhee
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. 'Mhysa so so underwhelmed.' Oh, and Shae is waaaay worse than Brienne. In Tarths defence, her character comes across as awkward in the books and it doesn't help her dialogue in general sucks. Guess it can't be helped when she spends most of the time responding to being called a 'wench.' Thats when people are being nice to her. John snows perfoamrnace wasn't too great either. That was just terrible, him and bran have no emotion lol. @ian that pisses me off a lot that they did that. All the bookreaders seem to be disappointed at the finale as well, because they saw the difference. Welp, that sucks. 
 Kit Harrington is such an abysmal actor. 
 Originally Posted by umberhulk2 Kit Harrington is such an abysmal actor. yeah that was pretty bad. The part with Ygritte and all I was like wow dude no emotion whatsoever and you'd expect a pretty powerful scene between them two, but he made it awkward. Rose leslie herself is not bad actress. I can't wait a year for this. Im gonna read the books 
 Another season ends but what a season it was. I haven't read the books and I also noticed, with much disappointment, that the scene between Jaime and Cersei was clearly cut off. The Onion appears to be moving up in the world, Theon's in position for a second life, John & Sam are home, Khallessi gets a family the size of a city, and Tyrion is still kicking ass and taking names. A shame to have wait another 9 months for more. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Jaime's return to King's Landing happens a bit later in the books, and he also ****s Cersei on her period when he does get back. It's HBO and all but that's still a bit over the top for TV. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Jaime's return to King's Landing happens a bit later in the books, and he also ****s Cersei on her period when he does get back. It's HBO and all but that's still a bit over the top for TV. Hah, of course wed figure that much. The sexual tension was so apparent between them two through their expressions. It was an emotional scene when he got back but they had to cut it off. It always pisses me off when they do that, it'd be nice if the sticked with something. IDK it works in literature but on TV we have low attention span. Anyways, the next season should be awesome nonetheless. 
 I liked the finale, it was generally feel good unless you were Theon. The direwolf and Rob thing and the opening in general was ****ed up. Stannis finally seems like he has something to do other than be a lil b1tch and just miserable in general. and hurrah, Gendry lives! Davos was my fave character in the episode. 'Why is their a g in night?' Lost it. I'm finally beginning to see why people are tired of Dany and her sh1t. Please go away until you're Dragons are at least the size of a SUV. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I liked the finale, it was generally feel good unless you were Theon. The direwolf and Rob thing and the opening in general was ****ed up. Stannis finally seems like he has something to do other than be a lil b1tch and just miserable in general. and hurrah, Gendry lives! Davos was my fave character in the episode. 'Why is their a g in night?' Lost it. I'm finally beginning to see why people are tired of Dany and her sh1t. Please go away until you're Dragons are at least the size of a SUV. I can just imagine Dany being immensely boring from now on. And honestly, I always thought having Estos was a great way to bring something different in the show besides the western powers. They did an awesome job with the dothraki and Khal drogo. The places are nice but Dany is boring, overrated in looks and acting abilities. Okay, she is still beautiful though. Melisandra is strange, you can never tell what she really wants, most misunderstood. 
 One helluva of an opening episode to set things up for whats to come. I love the scenes with jaime and it's interesting to see how they are going to play his role since he never came into kings landing this early. The fighting sequence with the hound/arya was the best part of the episode. Also, that sexy oberyn I was hoping they'd have a fursum 
 I really want Daenerys to take the iron throne ... she's a fighter and would be and is a good queen... I admire her a lot .. she reminds me a little of Nikita ... 
 *aching to tell everyone what happens in the season finale* 
 Scythe Massakur's quote of the month: If you’re not paying for it, you’re the product being sold. Individual Eleven: Number 8:Warfare and weaponry - Join Us  Spoiler 
 Dude, Khaleesi NEEDS to just wreck everyone in the series. She's honestly ****ing perfect, like in every way. Also, new episode. Amazing. The ending where  Spoiler the little girl (how could I forget her name, Jesus Christ) stabs that one dude in the throat. So great. *British Accent* "OI, YOU GONNA PICK YO TEEF WIT DAT??" 
 I'll never understand the Daenyris fans, she's pretty easily the least interesting character in the series; she's just surrounded by some of the most potentially interesting plot points, but she herself is a really flat character. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean I'll never understand the Daenyris fans, she's pretty easily the least interesting character in the series; she's just surrounded by some of the most potentially interesting plot points, but she herself is a really flat character. Everything involving the east was interesting till khal drogo kicked the bucket. Daenyris is mostly recognized for the fact that she is the hottest girl probably..and dragons. Cersei and ygritte more interesting female characters imo 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean I'll never understand the Daenyris fans, she's pretty easily the least interesting character in the series; she's just surrounded by some of the most potentially interesting plot points, but she herself is a really flat character. Emilia Clarke. That's all. Can't not like her. Daenerys, not so much, but Emilia? Yes. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Dany's hotness is a very good reason to like her character lol, its gone up from season 1 til now. Those scenes with Daario; yeeah Arya becomes quite a crazy woman herself, she is going to be scarier than Cersei. Here's a good article analyzing the relationship between the books and the TV series. Kind of a lengthy write up but well worth the read: http://grantland.com/hollywood-prosp...ries-of-books/ 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 I think cersei is hotter than Daeny. Emilia clarke is also a completely average actor. I guess guys can't help but think with their dicks. And Daeny also attracts 90 percent of the female audience not surprisingly lol Nikolaj waldau>all in both sexiness and character. 
