http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159986-Killing-the-Thinking-(part-2)
 Killing the Thinking (part 2)
 (I decided to post more of this sorry if it sucks) Tamo looked at her in shock. She had made that necklace herself out of purple quarts! It took her all summer to finish and now she was giving it away because she was afraid of the cow!? “Come on lets go”, Indigo said as said cow ran of happily. When they reached home they were surprised to find there Aunt already there waiting impatiently at the entrance. “You both are horrifically late”, she said. “Well you know I never come early”, Tamo said as he unlocked the door. Auntie looked at him like she was looking at a fly on her wind shield. “When are your parents going to get here?” Any minute now Indigo said queerly as she started to make tea. “Speak of the devil.” She chirped as she saw her parents car pull it the drive way. “Hey here" mother said as she stepped in when she went into the kitchen she looked surprised to see her sister there (almost like she forgot she was coming to visit today.) “Oh, hi Lauren”. “Hello”, She said briskly. Judging from her hello her sister did not have much to say to her so she got straight to the point. “My husband has a business meeting that just came up and he can’t miss it so we are going to have to reschedule this little visit. Go get your over night thinks kids!” she yelled. “Wait, my boyfriend bumped me I have nowhere to go, are you really going to leave your only sister to die on the street!” Mom rolled her eyes and turned to Indigo. “Honey can you stay here with your Aunt while I’m gone?” “OK.” Indigo said knowing it was more of a demand than a question. Indigo’s brother came charging down the stairs with his night bag. “Later loser, and don’t worry about the necklace you can make way better ones I've seen you.” He said as he charged out the door. “Bye sis, bye Indigo.” they said as her mother opened the door while discretely giving Indigo two fifty dollar bills. “Use this if you need anything and don’t let her get in any of the money.” She whispered. “I can handle the hag any day”. Indigo said with a wink, and with that her mom, dad, and brother drove away entrusting the family fortune to her. The first few hours with her aunt were not all that bad. The woman would move through the large house like a snake looking for valuables and Indigo would watch her but let her look because she was way of the mark. Jewelry, money, and pretty much anything valuable was stored in the shed outside. Indigo knew that her aunt would never find it because her A: her aunt had no idea it was in there, and B: the shed stank and was full of rats and God knows what else. Her aunt hated real pest almost as much as the ones she called her niece and nephew. By the time it was night Indigo was sick and tired of following her sneaky aunt around and realized she still had two days left to do this. “Uh, just forget it!” She groaned but then she remembered the hundred dollars in her pocket and her promise to her mother. She realized she had to see this to the end. 

 hi there, I would put more spaces in to avoid the intimidation a huge wall of text puts on the reader but you have a good flow I have to say. Here are a few things I found anyway, hope it helps would be interested in reading more. 1. More filler, like charachter thoughts as the story plays out really fast paced I feel. For example, briefly describe mothers appearance when she steps out of car to go into the house, slow it down a bit. 2. The spaced out text as opposed to the block of text. 3. Comma, full stops and general grammar. The brackets thing you use for example, also 'her parents car pull it the driveway and 'go get your overnight thinks kids!' also it's debatable as to whether an exclaimation mark is appropriate or not. Just keep editing and editing it really helps, I've edited my story on here so many times since I started it years ago, it's went through so many transformations. Sorry if that seems too harsh but best of luck with your story 
http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...62-Rebel-Quest 
