http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?126736-Romeo-X-Juliet
 Romeo X Juliet
 Series: Romeo X Juliet Release Date: April 4th 2007 Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance Director: Fumitoshi Oizaki Writer: Reiko Yoshida Original Creator: William Shakespeare Stuido: Gonzo Number of episodes: 24 Overview: From ANN This is a story of a young and tragic love, set in the aerial city of Neo Verona. Tyranny rules this island in the sky after the Montague family took control 14 years prior. The disparity among the wealthy and poor is apparent in the present state, the earth dries and water stagnates. The sky itself is wrapped in a deep dense fog. Both Romeo and Juliet's lineages are of present and past ruling families of Neo Verona. Romeo is the son of the current Montague dictator, Juliet (a beautiful woman) masquerades as a man (Odin), she's the last descendent of Capulet the previous rulers who were killed by an assasin's dagger 14 years ago. Her true background is not to be revealed to her until her 16th birthday. The cruel hands of fate introduces 2 people who will become "Star Crossed Lovers". Personal opinion Yes you read the Overview correctly, this Shakespearean tale takes place in “Neo Verona.” It’s safe to say that Romeo X Juliet isn’t the most accurate adaptation as Gonzo took Gankutsuou-like liberties with this anime. There are flying horses, the conflict between the Montague and Capulet families has been simplified to black and white portraying the Capulets as innocent and Lord Montague as a ruthless ruler, and our two leads have taken a pantomimic shift in character. Juliet is the sword wielding, quick-to-anger heroine, while Romeo is both day dreamy and naive. The changes make the experience feel more fantastical than the original play, very much like an enchanting fairy tale and this alone doesn’t make the anime better or worse than the play, just a different version of this classic story. The theme of tragedy (while still present) isn’t the dominating factor here as there’s more of an emphasis on forging one’s identity, which is heavily shown with the female lead. Juliet has three personas, ranging from shades of vulnerability to a heroic figure that the citizens Neo Verona can believe in, and these sides of her clash throughout the story as she has to choose who exactly she wishes to be. Romeo in contrast is a rather dull character, not enough of a dud to drag the story down (which is actually paced fairly well.) He’s kind hearted and spends a lot of his development trying to grow a backbone but beyond that there really isn’t much to him. Don’t let the title fool you, this is very much Juliet’s story, which isn’t a bad thing by any stretch of the imagination as she is a very strong lead. Actually when the leads were together on screen, spouting off how much they loved each other, I found that it lost almost all believability. The dialog was enchanting but their need to keep reassuring one another (and by extent the audience) that they were in love made the relationship feel pretty contrived. Visually, this show is rather supersizing. As this was made by studio Gonzo one would expect huge drops in animation quality and an overuse of CG, but that isn’t the case. There is no awkward-samurai-7-dance-scene where the character models are all over the place, the animation is consistently good in RxJ thanks to its simple character models, which aren’t poorly designed, they just don’t have extremely differing proportions. Backgrounds are a beautiful, feast for the eyes, but don’t take much focus away from the characters. And the CG is minimal, in fact I’m having a hard time remembering any being used apart from on the flags. Audio-wise, the music is very versatile and perfectly complements what’s happening on screen. Like the backgrounds it’s really good but doesn’t take the focus of what’s important. I can’t help but be extremely bias regarding the vocal track so you’ll have to forgive me, but the English dub is above and beyond Bebop. It is one of the best I’ve ever heard, the adaptive script is handled very well (all the comments I made about the dialog being enchanting was exclusive to the dub) while the sub feels somewhat amateurish. It just lacks the Shakespearean flare that the dub implemented. Acting-wise it’s also really good, in both languages, though Brina portrays Juliet masterfully, hitting green in all her shades, while the Japanese VA Fumie approaches the character with more femininity. Overall Romeo X Juliet is very pretty, well preformed, fantastical adaptation which does enough to stand out. I give this anime a noteworthy recommendation, something for an anime fan to consider watching if they’re remotely interested in drama, fantasy or romance. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
