http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151005-Sakura-Trick
[Romance] Sakura Trick
 Synopsis: Haruka Takayama and Yū Sonoda were inseparable during their junior high school years, but upon entering their senior high school, they end up being seated on opposite sides of the classroom. Having to spend time with more friends, the two decide to do something to make their relationship special. This is a bit of a surprise to see coming to anime, as this manga is supposedly a full-blown Yuri romance. BL and Trap were the buzzwords of the last couple seasons, so I guess it's about time, lol. xD Not that I minded the BL and the traps, mind you... they made for some very amusing and humorous anecdotes, but a Yuri romance will be refreshing too! This is set to air in the winter of 2014, so I'm guessing the January season. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 If there are anime lesbians; I aint even mad. [IMG][/IMG] 
 Wow.. so many kisses in one episode! o_o 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 

 That Gif, Ian.... I AM GOING TO WATCH THIS. When no one is around of course. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 You don't have to hide it Takera, watch yuri with pride! 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ You don't have to hide it Takera, watch yuri with pride! I'm still going through the first phase! I still have to get into Yuri to watch it with pride 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 C-Can a girl like another girl? 
 Originally Posted by ZeRoGravity C-Can a girl like another girl? One of them is a guy. 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 Originally Posted by CruelAngelsFeces One of them is a guy. Well....That escalated quickly 
"Or maybe Daud was really Corvo and Corvo was really Jessamine, and the Jessamine Daud killed was really Hiram Burrows, and then Hiram Burrows was Delilah." - Random Person, Dishonored Wiki "So throw away those useless emotions, I'll show you how to use everything and everyone available."- Xerxes Break, 
 Yuzu-chan is the best! 

 And this so needs to become a thing... 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Love this show! Cant wait for episode 7 

 I have added this to my watch list. Id recommend strawberry panic to those who are interested in this topic. Sent from my Eclipse-X using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 I have added this to my watch list. Id recommend strawberry panic to those who are interested in this topic. Sent from my Eclipse-X using Tapatalk Hmm, thanks for the recommendation I'll definitely check it out. 

 Originally Posted by Zazu Hmm, thanks for the recommendation I'll definitely check it out. Sure thing. Sent from my Eclipse-X using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I thought I'd mention simoun and kashimashi (girl meets girl) as other Yuri titles. Sent from my Prism II using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I just watched the first show last night. Wow what an opening. Is the whole series like this? I hope so What other recent series are like this? I know about older sseries but not new ones. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Ok I know I'm the only one posting in this thread lately but with the recent choas on the board I thought I might be allowed to post more on it. I'm nearly done with the 12 shows that are out. It's a really cute and well done show. I think the characters have been well developed. Also though I'm not a fan of the two shows in one format it does seem to work for short stories. The only other series I've seen that did this was my wife is a highschool girl. Only trouble with the two per episode deal is it makes it harder to remember what happened in which show. Though unlike that other show sakura trick does have split episode titles so that is good. ------------------------------------- I haven't wanted to look online for any definitive answers as it might be heavily laced with spoilers so I'll ask here: Is there another season planned? ovas? A movie???? I guess I'll just say it - I want more! Also I did ask but I'll ask again - what other current series are like this? 
 This is very interesting... not a big fan of yuri or shoujo-ai, but that gif xD it made me consider watching it.... 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 Finished it last night. I really liked it. Will there be another season? Are there OVAs planned? Like I asked what other current or recently finished series are like sakura trick? Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
