http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page228
 League of Legends - Page 228
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Bad lanes = bad jungle. Not the opposite. Yup. And when those lanes do poorly, it's always because the jungler didn't gank enough, and not because the laner failed. /wrists 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Yup. And when those lanes do poorly, it's always because the jungler didn't gank enough, and not because the laner failed. /wrists Yeah, although sometimes it can be. I just had a game as Irelia where Olaf pushed me to tower at level 2. Malphite reacted by running around the map confused and doing nothing. He finally comes top at level 5 when Olaf is still pushed to my tower and he comes through lane. He came through lane against an insanely overpushed Olaf. I'm starting to realize why I should just insist on jungle every game. 
 In solo queue I like playing anything. I believe you can carry from any role in the game. I have hoisted many a team onto Leona's shoulders and carried us out of the garbage early game we had by catching people out and stunning them to their deaths. Sure certain roles are easier to carry from, I have a 75% win ratio with Irelia on top lane because I can usually crush my lane, then crush the rest of the team. But forcing someone who absolutely does not want to support into supporting is bad for morale, so if no one else wants to do it, I will do it. I find support fun, although I never get Blitzcrank (I have 100% win ratio with him in ranked, haha.) =[ 
 The thing I dislike about junglin the most is when teammates mess their lane up without even giving you a chance to farm the jungle period. It seems when I try to jungle (still learning) most of my games I end up not being able to farm anything because the solo top/bot lane is crying for help before I even finish the wolves off. :/ Some players seem to think the jungler is invincible from the start and think they shouldnt help in the least bit other than trying to get the kill. I mean baiting the opponent so they over push your tower helps tremendously. I still suck at jungler but even I know that there are certain things the jungler can do by themselves, and some things they need cooperation with the lane to succeed in. Well thats just my games I guess...... 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Yeah you have to learn to ignore whiner babies in solo queue and do what you know needs to be done. Most junglers cannot pull off a successful gank until Level 4, and attempting to do so can cripple you and put you behind. Often times I will use Level 1-4 to see which lanes are playing better, and who would deserve any snowballing I give them. You can gank for a mid Ryze all day and get him 10 kills, but what if he does nothing with it? Just takes experience. 
 Junglers cannot save a bad lane most times. Ive seen bad lanes throw the 3v2 advantage and lose even harder. The problem with a bad lane is at a certain point you have to just let it fail and make up for it somewhere else. Ive straight up lost lane as an adc but came back to carry after giving the lane up. People tend to forget about you after that point and it just becomes a free farm area. Catching up on cs and a kill here or there and you are back in carry status. Its all about adapting to the situation. I think a problem with most teams is that for whatever reason after falling behind people think the way to catch back up is through team fighting. Its rather irritating but I have come to terms with there just being games that are out of reach. 
 
 Those of you who're looking to learn support should check out the Studio Daily today. http://youtu.be/wy8fPMqGyrU It focuses on Janna support at a low elo, thus a lot of basic advice is given regarding how to fight, use abilities, and even ward. Should help anyone who is even kind of interested in supporting an ADC. 

 I went back to veigar after a while. Ended up with 22 kills and 1200 ap by 35 minutes. The best part of that game was when we had a team fight, the enemy team gathers up into one place. I lay down my AOE stun and my meteorite gets a quadra kill. And the occasional flash in ult one-shot the AP carry was hilarious too. 
 Bought Fiora and I'm starting to like her skills. About tied with an opposing cho'gath in top lane till my team started premature team fights and our Heimer left, leaving us without an ap mid. Needless to say my getting Last Whisper early helped immensely vs their high armor players. We managed to get 2 inhibitor's and then I won a duel with Lee Sin I think in a not so close base rush. All the same 4v5 it really was fun still. 9/13/14 I think and I was all our damage. Last game: Free to play Caitlin. 2 tanks and singed gank bot early and get some kills. Thanks to inefficient jungle play and a bot continuously ganked they lost badly even when most of our players were 2-3 lvls lower. 17/4/14 for me Kat 16/something. Enjoyed it. Does Caitlyn feel under powered early game to you especially compared to Ezreal or Corki? 3v3 Doesn't count as a game since they chased singed early and I picked up 2 early kills with Fiora. Ended with about 10-12 kills 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Those of you who're looking to learn support should check out the Studio Daily today. http://youtu.be/wy8fPMqGyrU It focuses on Janna support at a low elo, thus a lot of basic advice is given regarding how to fight, use abilities, and even ward. Should help anyone who is even kind of interested in supporting an ADC. Why play Janna support when you can Janna mid ;D. It's really kind of OP. Late game 800 damage absorption shields, three different CCs, and an ult that heals everybody in the circle for 1k. Also poke like crazy. 
 I'm still learning the ropes here. ._____. Haven't played it for a good two weeks cause of my trip to the UK, So plan on playing it again over the next few days too gain the rest of what I need for Erm, Twisted Fate. 

 Insanely good news is coming out regarding some of the new items in season 3. Here's a couple links to go over: http://www.surrenderat20.net/2012/11...cle-in-s3.html http://www.surrenderat20.net/2012/11...-one-tear.html A quick breakdown: Some items will now disappear from your inventory after certain criteria are met and grant you a permanent, non-stacking buff for the rest of the game. In this case, Eleisa's Miriacle, an item that grants +10 HP and +15 MP/5 seconds, will grant those stats permanently and disappear after you gain 3 levels while holding it.Tear of the Goddess and Archangel's Staff will now grant additional bonus mana anytime you use mana rather than any time you use a spell, allowing champs that use channelled abilities to gain stacks much more quickly.Upgrading from one item to the other will yield tangible benefits, discouraging the strategy of staying on the lessor item before moving on to the better one. In this case, Tear of the Goddess, which grants additional maximum mana for every use of an ability that uses mana, will grant 4 additional mana. Archangel's Staff, the direct upgrade of this item, will offer 5 additional mana, making holding on to the Tear a waste.Some items will upgrade automatically after certain criteria are met without making you revisit the store, adding an additional sub-strategy of keeping an eye on enemy item builds. In this case, Archangel's Staff will automatically upgrade itself after achieving the maximum amount of bonus mana into a new, more powerful item called Seraph's Embrace. Season 3 almost confirmed to be the best thing to happen to League in a long time ever. 

 Tear of the Goddess and Archangel's Staff will now grant additional bonus mana anytime you use mana rather than any time you use a spell, allowing champs that use channelled abilities to gain stacks much more quickly. I wonder if any changes will be coming to champs like Karthus because of this? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler I wonder if any changes will be coming to champs like Karthus because of this? Xyph specifically mentions Karthus in a quote you can find in the second link above as being one of the intended benefactors of this new mechanic. 

 Yeah I figured they had Karth in mind when making this change, but I was thinking more about whether they'll have to nerf Karthus to compensate for this? Karthus already has pretty much the most spammable spell in the game, and didn't really have any problems stacking mana with tear or archangel's, so I'm curious if changes will be made to him because of how this will allow him to do what he did before, but much much faster. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Sounds cool. I'm just worried what's going to happen once we make more powerful damage items all the while talking about nerfing resistances. I want to see what some of those changes first. I wonder if they're going to make more shields and skill based resistance stuff instead of having as much armor and magic resist 

 Jungle change preview: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/...php?p=31219783 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Jungle change preview: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/...php?p=31219783 "We want to make more junglers viable... So we went ahead and made camps do more damage, took out leashing, and made AOE abilities weaker in the jungle." Yeah, Nautilus is now going to be flat-out useless. Maokai's clears will be a lot harder, I don't even know if Mundo will be able to finish an entire first clear without some pretty big help, and Amumu is likely going to be the same. It seems like Shen and Nocturne will get even stronger in the jungle though. Riot's logic here is kind of eluding me. Release a bunch of AOE jungle clearers (Nautilus/Diana/Maokai/Shyvana/Mundo), let them dominate for a while, and then cater the new jungle to the super old junglers (WW/Nunu/Fiddle). Plus if early game ganking has been severely reduced jungle will be an even more boring job than before. Jungle could at least make big plays at level 2-4 before. 
 Riots way of thinking > Create new ideas > let them stay for a while > revert all of them. TA-DA! we are back to season one. Warwick gonna make a comeback just watch. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee "We want to make more junglers viable... So we went ahead and made camps do more damage, took out leashing, and made AOE abilities weaker in the jungle." Yeah, Nautilus is now going to be flat-out useless. Maokai's clears will be a lot harder, I don't even know if Mundo will be able to finish an entire first clear without some pretty big help, and Amumu is likely going to be the same. It seems like Shen and Nocturne will get even stronger in the jungle though. Riot's logic here is kind of eluding me. Release a bunch of AOE jungle clearers (Nautilus/Diana/Maokai/Shyvana/Mundo), let them dominate for a while, and then cater the new jungle to the super old junglers (WW/Nunu/Fiddle). Plus if early game ganking has been severely reduced jungle will be an even more boring job than before. Jungle could at least make big plays at level 2-4 before. Same thing happened during beginning of season 2. There was plenty of talk about how the jungle would become more accessible to a greater pool of champions. And while technically true because suddenly champions like Malphite or Irelia could sort of clear, the other consequence was junglers like Nunu, and Fiddle became dogshit, while Udyr/Lee/Skarner were instantly god-tiered. This just seems to be going back the other way, back to the days when camps were worth ****, because I guess they finally realized after the s2 championship of every jungler being an underfarmed *****, that having cheapo camps only let AoE/GP10 jungler thrive. Since at least maybe now the camps will be worth enough that it doesn't matter if your champion can't quickly clear wolves/wraiths/golems every respawn. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
 I don't see the problem in trying to merge what worked in S1 and S2. You guys seem to be forgetting that junglers are getting new items and that masteries are being revamped as well. We still don't have all the details. Calm your rage until we find out exactly what's happening. Edit: back to the days when camps were worth **** Read the goddamn article. 

 I dunno, removing soft leashes while upping damage is kind of a big deal. Leashing was really the only thing that allowed a ton of champions to jungle effectively. I guess you could argue they don't belong in the jungle at all then, but they aren't good in a lane either. Maybe we'll just see a shift to nothing but hard leashes by multiple champions, as is common in high level and tournament play as a result. Maybe it won't be as severe as it sounds, but it's not something that's exciting me as a player. Not really sold on some of the item changes either, like this Dust Sweeper: Sightstone (650 Gold) +125 Health Unique Passive - Refresh (Ward) : Starts with 4 charges and refills each time you stop by your shop. Unique Active - Ghost Ward: Consumes a charge to place an invisible ward that reveals the surrounding area for 3 minutes. You may have a maximum of 2 wards from this item at once. Upgrades to... *is dragged away by internal Riot teams* http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/board...302341#9302341 Who isn't going to build one of these? I mean ****, first buy jungler, top lane, and support for sure, and you've got 12 wards for almost nothing. That covers both mid side brushes, tribrush on both sides, river brush on both sides, wraith entrance, enemy blue buff and even top/bot lane side brush. And it refreshes charges just by hitting b. 

 More item news. This one's a doozy. http://www.surrenderat20.net/2012/11...-sweeping.html The breakdown:Meki Pendant and Rejuvenation Beads are being removed.Madred's Bloodrazer is being removed and replaced with Blade of the Ruined King.Force of Nature, as previously announced, it being removed. As an alternative, Spirit Visage is getting a touch-up.Ionic Spark is being removed. Tiamat is being upgraded as an alternative.Elixer of Agility is being removed. No alternatives.Heart of Gold is being removed. Alternatives are the other GP/10 items we know now.New item: Sightstone. Will have 4 charges as a passive that refill when you visit a shop, the active uses a charge to drop a ward. Will upgrade into something, no word on what. 

 These changes look pretty horrible. It's hard to say for certain, but jungle is looking to be extremely passive. Ganking will lose all of its appeal due to that stupid ward item and harder camps. Fast jungle clearers with strong late games will become the norm now considering ganks will be too risky and punishing if they fail. This effect will backwash into the lanes where passive farming lower mobility champions like Karthus will be able to farm very safely making for long farmfests in laning. It sucks that Riot has forced the game to go in a less exciting direction. The Asian teams changed the meta with high roaming and aggressive play. This made fast pushers and high mobility champions fun and rewarding to play. Now Riot is pushing back in the opposite direction? Lame. 
 The other half of what's going on here is that more AD carries will be viable since they don't have to have some form of escape they can spam when a jungler comes a gankin'. And early ganks will likely still be possible, they'll just require more planning an skill. 

