http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151754-Forum-Rank-Titles
[In Review] Forum Rank Titles
 Just looking to ask the community what new Ideas they have for Title Ranks, hopefully if we get the okay to implement new title ranks I can work on designing them so that we can have something new and improved to look at. So with that said, think of the best cool sounding forum ranks you could come up with and just post them into this thread. After about 2weeks I'll collect multiple names that you have suggested and I'll put them into a poll for the community to vote on it to see which they like best. Instead of the 3 ranks we have now I was looking for there to be about 10 if things go as planned. So make them creative and cool sounding! EDIT: Also if I'm going to be possibly working on these titles in the future I would like for it to be taken into account that we need a small change in size from the current ones we have now. So I was looking at around 190 x 31. This is strictly for quality purposes, so that if I do make them they would come out acceptable and so I would actually have some space to create something nice looking rather then me being restricted to something too small. 
 Last edited by Tαќeshi; 10-12-2013 at 05:31 PM. 
 Personally, I want: Noob/Baka/Otherthingsthatshannonwouldbanmefor-.- But for others: Roleplayer Reviewer Blogger Quality Poster Tsundere~~~! 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 We did talk about this once awhile back but nothing ever came of it. Now that Shian is active again this is definitely a discussion we should have. While you're thinking of cool-sounding title names also consider the number of posts you might consider those titles to require. And keep in mind that we don't want to encourage spam. If we have a title high up in the ranks that a lot of people want to gun for then odds are good that they will spam to get it. Then we'll have to delete posts, people will get upset because we're setting them back, and it'll just get worse from there. 

 ^ that's why these don't really have a post requirement. They are through the nominations. But if you wanted something for posting... Veteran = 500? Have Hardcore = 1000 Expert = 2500 Elite = 5000 Super Sayain = 9001 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 As long as it can stay custom after a certain point, I'm fine with whatever. I never want to lose my Arctic Fox title. 

 I've thought about how many post you would need for ranks and this is what I came up with. 1st Rank - 0 2nd Rank - 100 3rd Rank - 300 4th Rank - 550 5th Rank - 900 6th Rank - 1,500 7th Rank - 2,000 8th Rank - 2,750 9th Rank - 3,450 10th Rank - 5,000 and Up Overall I think it's very fair and doable without having to resort to spam, and I also believe it'll make members want to stay around longer and be more active to obtain these new ranks. 
 Here's an idea: We have some default ones, maybe some you have to unlock, but then also after Veteran/500 posts you can upload your own title, like an avatar. There could also be two titles, one for post count, and one custom one. Any of that sound good or possible? ^_^ 
 Originally Posted by Mister Here's an idea: We have some default ones, maybe some you have to unlock, but then also after Veteran/500 posts you can upload your own title, like an avatar. There could also be two titles, one for post count, and one custom one. Any of that sound good or possible? ^_^ To be honest I don't think that would really work out, and in a sense it might seem to cluttered for most. The idea of this thread is for new titles because we want change. So try and suggest new one's that you feel others and yourself would like. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi To be honest I don't think that would really work out, and in a sense it might seem to cluttered for most. The idea of this thread is for new titles because we want change. So try and suggest new one's that you feel others and yourself would like. The titles are pretty skinny, lol. I've seen some forums, like the Naruto forums, where you have tons of accolades displayed under your username and above your avatar: Stars, Rank, Custom Titles, Several Image Titles, Contests Won, etc. And it wasn't sloppy, just looked pimped out. But yeah here's some title ideas: 1-500: Newb, Newbie, Trying, Student, Learning, 500+: Person, Getting There, 1000+: Will of Fire, Ninja, Deadly, Samurai 5000+: Hero, Celebrity, Famous, Infamous, Over 9000: Super Saiyan, Goku, God, Forum Lord, Beast Mode - I might come back and edit these when I actually think of some good ones lol. ---------- But yeah man... I'm still stuck on the thought of having our own custom rank title, or maybe at least ones we can choose. Imagine it, under Veteran(or whatever your post count title is), you could put a second more personal title under that from a selection of things from "Chibi" to "Kawaii" to "Assassin" or "Movie Lover" ... I dunno. Just a thought. And don't worry Takeshi, you could make them! 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai We did talk about this once awhile back but nothing ever came of it. Now that Shian is active again this is definitely a discussion we should have. I recall us having this topic brought up as well, a little while back. I believe it was posted in the Visual Arts forum so I'm assuming much of the active users most likely didn't even see it. But Yeah, from what I've heard so far, is that out of our current ranks, many do like the Veteran rank best and some really try to get to that rank. Some obviously spam to get there as well. I think it would cool to have a bit more ranks than the four that we have now though, preferably some exceeding our current last rank. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 One thing I've been wondering about is whether or not it's possible to award someone a rank or title based on the sub-forum they frequent the most. For example, a user who participates in discussions primarily in the anime discussion areas could be given a rank like "anime enthusiast", someone who posts primarily in the video game section could a rank like "video game fanatic", someone who posts primarily in the RP sub-forums could be a "RP enthusiast" -- stuff like that. I've looked around to see if this is possible before but was never able to find anything. But I think a system like this would be more valuable and informative than a simple, generic rank or title that everyone will get. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai One thing I've been wondering about is whether or not it's possible to award someone a rank or title based on the sub-forum they frequent the most. For example, a user who participates in discussions primarily in the anime discussion areas could be given a rank like "anime enthusiast", someone who posts primarily in the video game section could a rank like "video game fanatic", someone who posts primarily in the RP sub-forums could be a "RP enthusiast" -- stuff like that. I've looked around to see if this is possible before but was never able to find anything. But I think a system like this would be more valuable and informative than a simple, generic rank or title that everyone will get. It's doable, though I'm unsure if there's an add-on to enable something like that. Most likely, staff would have to award them as they went, so in that case it wouldn't be a great idea. I don't have any specific ideas for titles themselves, but what about a system geared around anime? Say, have a dropdown system in the user's profile with a list of anime, the person selects their favourite, and then all their user titles are customised towards that anime. So if they picked Naruto, the possible titles would be like Ronin, Genin, etc. but if they picked Bleach, it'd be (whatever the equivalent in the Bleach world is). 
 What could be cool would be you choose 1 of 2 options that are in the same kind of idea field for titles when you reach them. What I mean is like: 0-100 posts: Newbie/Baka 500+ posts: Otaku/Weeaboo 1000+ posts: Loyal Poster/Forum Patriot 2000+ posts: Samurai poster/Ninja poster 10,000+ posts: Sensei/Master Ignore the actual names, but the idea; when you reach a certain level of posts you get to choose what title you want of 2 options. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai One thing I've been wondering about is whether or not it's possible to award someone a rank or title based on the sub-forum they frequent the most. For example, a user who participates in discussions primarily in the anime discussion areas could be given a rank like "anime enthusiast", someone who posts primarily in the video game section could a rank like "video game fanatic", someone who posts primarily in the RP sub-forums could be a "RP enthusiast" -- stuff like that. I've looked around to see if this is possible before but was never able to find anything. But I think a system like this would be more valuable and informative than a simple, generic rank or title that everyone will get. That's the thing though when you're working with such a small space it doesn't really leave you with too much room for a two word rank title, and if there was the text would probably have to be way smaller. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi That's the thing though when you're working with such a small space it doesn't really leave you with too much room for a two word rank title, and if there was the text would probably have to be way smaller. All the hypothetical examples of titles he said would fit using our the current image and text size for the Rank Titles. Video game one would be a tight fit though. 
 Originally Posted by Mister All the hypothetical examples of titles he said would fit using our the current image and text size for the Rank Titles. Video game one would be a tight fit though. Possibly shorten them to things like RP Lover, Gamer Lover, Anime Lover, etc? 
 Originally Posted by Mister All the hypothetical examples of titles he said would fit using our the current image and text size for the Rank Titles. Video game one would be a tight fit though. But that also goes back to me stating the limitations of actually being able to make a good looking title with such little space. 
 I thought the titles were just going to be text, like the current ones. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I thought the titles were just going to be text, like the current ones. It's not only text, there's a background that comes along with it, and I wanted there to be nice backgrounds along with titles that the people of this community can really enjoy. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi It's not only text, there's a background that comes along with it, and I wanted there to be nice backgrounds along with titles that the people of this community can really enjoy. Ah I see now. They were only showing as text for me as I was using the VB default skin. 
 Just an example I took from Ian's post in this thread with the whole Arctic Fox title. 
 No I didn't mean the words "Arctic Fox" I mean "Arrogant, Immature Trolling Ass Wipe" which the user named Arctic Fox gave to me years ago. Sorry for the confusion. I guess new graphical titles are a possibility, but they'd probably need to be about the same height as the current ones. 

 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Just an example I took from Ian's post in this thread with the whole Arctic Fox title. you said 190x31 right...i think you can accomplish quite a bit with that size i mean this only took like 5 min with no effort just to show an example with a bit of topaz adjustment as for post ranks you need a theme for the ranks such as army ranks E-1 Private (PVT) E-2 Private (PVT) E-3 Private First Class (PFC) E-4 Specialist (SPC) E-4 Corporal (CPL) E-5 Sergeant (SGT) E-6 Staff Sergeant (SSG) E-7 Sergeant First Class (SFC) E-8 First Sergeant (1SG) E-8 Master Sergeant (MSG) E-9 Sergeant Major (SGM) E-9 Command Sergeant Major (CSM) E-9 Sergeant Major of the Army (SMA) or a specific anime such as one piece - cabin boy - swabie - pirate - captain - warlord - yonko - pirate king or naruto -genin -chunin -jonin -anbu -kage with a theme its easy to make rank titles so maybe this is an anime site right so how bout - couch potato - manga nerd - anime expert etc... like i said make a theme and then the pos count names can follow a scheme 
 Last edited by Zenex; 10-13-2013 at 02:43 AM. 
 Ohhh... I don't really want that :s I thought you were just making more of those skinny ones we have now, they are perfectly fine. @Chuni, I suggested a long time ago an unlocking system, you can pick older ones you've earned. I wanna be otaku o3o 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean No I didn't mean the words "Arctic Fox" I mean "Arrogant, Immature Trolling Ass Wipe" which the user named Arctic Fox gave to me years ago. Sorry for the confusion. I guess new graphical titles are a possibility, but they'd probably need to be about the same height as the current ones. I was sure that was Shadow Fox? But then I always mix up the foxes. hahaha! I don't like those massive titles. The reason that they are thin now is because they are stackable. Some people have 2, others have 3 atm. A staffer who donated to the site would have MODERATOR, then veteran and donator underneath. Like Shian's current profile. As far as styling goes, Takeshi's looks nicer because it's clean. New forum ranks would need to be this size: Which is 190 x 14 px (three sided border is deliberate for stacking reasons) If people wanna make sets, that's cool but they need to be thin for the reasons I stated. We need to pretty much figure out what those ranks are going to be. It's been brought up many times, but I'm not sure if we settled on what we wanted (not talking graphically), or did we? As for KTs suggestion, I've seen other forums do it, but they seem to give titles to people based on their contribution to a particular forum like "gfxer, role player, writer, music guru" but they also appear to be given by admins or a mod who is a group leader (on non vB sites) The only way to do that is to put people into specific usergroups. It's not a bad idea though if we're trying to encourage better posting. You don't get it unless you make quality contributions to an area of the site. AND if they are stackable, they can earn more than one. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 10-13-2013 at 08:06 AM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
