http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151655-Flesh-Rotting-Russian-Drug-krokodil-Making-It-s-Way-To-US-Shores
 Flesh Rotting Russian Drug krokodil Making It's Way To US Shores
 There have now been at least eight cases of the skin-rotting Russian drug krokodil reported in the US, according to medical professionals who spoke with The Verge, and at least three resulted in death. Krokodil is the street name for the nasty, cheap concoction that is derived from cooking codeine with chemicals such as lighter fluid or gasoline, then injected into the skin. It’s up to 10 times as potent as morphine and lasts half as long, which makes it extremely addictive. It was thought to be confined to Eastern Europe and Russia, where it has had devastating effects. However, it has shown up in the last year in two patients in Arizona, three deaths in Oklahoma, and three patients in Illinois, one of whom is in critical condition. http://www.theverge.com/2013/10/10/4...urbs-nyc-clubs Well played Putin, well played. 

 Kind of a misleading article/title, it's not like the drugs being shipped from Europe. It's just druggies finding out about it online and then copying the idea here in the US with readily available chemicals and codeine. Shame people are so desperate to get high that they're doing this to themselves though. Such an awful way to go. 

 Goddamn, how ****ed up does your life have to be for you to use a skin-rotting drug? 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 I'm sure the Taliban will step in with cheap, subsidized heroine. Also.. http://youtu.be/1RQMVKcNgFw?t=19s Krocodeel. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 A few months back there was a news special report about teens inserting alcohol saturated items into their anus to get drunk faster. Flesh rotting drugs seems to be the next step in the evolution of stupid. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 This is how the zombie apocalypse really gets started. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Chicanary A few months back there was a news special report about teens inserting alcohol saturated items into their anus to get drunk faster. Wow, I don't know about saturated items, but the wine enema or "getting basted" is a concept that has been around for ages. About the krokodil, I remember seeing this video last year. This stuff is seriously messed up. If only Kratom were made cheap and readily available everywhere, I think things like this apparently growing krokodil epidemic could be avoided. 
★★★★★★★★★★★ ismycomputeron.com
 Originally Posted by Chrïst-o Wow, I don't know about saturated items, but the wine enema or "getting basted" is a concept that has been around for ages Yep. But I doubt a nearby hospital expected to see an influx of men and woman with vodka soaked tampons in their anuses and needing treatment for a variety of rectal and abdominal problems. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary A few months back there was a news special report about teens inserting alcohol saturated items into their anus to get drunk faster. Flesh rotting drugs seems to be the next step in the evolution of stupid. Pics or it didn't happen. 

 We had this eye shot craze a while back. Apparently, that sh1t got you blind drunk. No, that wasn't a lame joke.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVfmgx3O8Nw etc etc. On the plus side, it tastes better. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Flesh rotting drugs? Sounds like something out of a zombie apocalypse movie. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Originally Posted by Red_Dragon Pics or it didn't happen. Your interested in guys sticking alcohol soaked things in their anus? You finally came out the closet red? j/k....or am I? o_O Anyways, Im not surprised by this at all. Look at how the evolution of getting wasted just got more and more retarded. Weed > Extasy > Embalming Fluid > Bath Salts > Flesh eating drug > ???? Im thinking the next step of idiocy will be stabbing yourself or your friends with morphine coated darts, or injecting yourself with shaving cream. Bets? 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Oh schnap. This reminds me of that time I was on a different forum and some kid told us about his friend who told him to drink animal blood o get high. Apparently you could drink the adrenaline rush of a terrified animal to get high. Edit: Red, here's a link to the article complete with embedded youtube videos for your enjoyment. http://abcnews.go.com/Health/shockin...ry?id=17281602 And it covers the spectrum of stupid things kids do. Eyeball shots, drinking hand sanitizer, Beer Bong, and some other stuffs. 
 Last edited by Chicaиαry; 10-17-2013 at 06:56 AM. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Heroin is an expensive habit, with addicts living for years turning to theft to support themselves. Krokodil is cheap and chips and kills the addicts in a relatively short amount of time limiting their negative impact on the wider society. This can only be a good. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai You're a terrible A4 user 
 I saw this on Facebook, Disgusting side effects, But 3x stronger then Heroin and easier to make then meth. No wonder way people are doing it, But at the cost of your own flesh no thank you, Their's this guy i saw on FB his arm was completely rotten to the bone... 

 Originally Posted by Lord Krell Heroin is an expensive habit, with addicts living for years turning to theft to support themselves. Krokodil is cheap and chips and kills the addicts in a relatively short amount of time limiting their negative impact on the wider society. This can only be a good. Heroin isn't expensive actually. Roxies on the other hand are and people can't seem to get enough of them and only turn to Heroin when they cant find any. I haven't seen any Krokodil around these parts tho. 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
