http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?131707-EXTENDED-DISCUSSION-PREFIX-(Read-before-posting)
[Extended Discussion] EXTENDED DISCUSSION PREFIX (Read before posting)
 Hi everyone, There has been some confusion over what "Extended Discussion" means. It doesn't actually mean posting something that you want to go on forever, or something like that. This needs to be explained to newer members as they weren't around when the debate forum was merged with GNAD in favour of prefixes. Extended discussion are debate topics. What I see people posting under the extended discussion tab are just regular topics, where people come in, make their post without reading other people's posts, and leave. In a debate, you do not respond solely to the OP, you MUST read all of the other posts and make a well thought out reply to what everyone else is saying, while adding your own points to the argument. You should be doing the same in "General" but more casually, at least taking 5 mins to read over some replies and respond accordingly. In "Extended", you are expected to read all of them. Yes, this takes time, so you shouldn't post until you have the time to catch up. Imagine that you are sitting around a table discussing a topic and bringing forth different arguments. This is why if you are a one line "fun" poster, extended discussion is not for you. That prefix was created for people who wanted more in-dept serious discussions and it's not happening for the most part. Most of the threads posted should be under "General." If you create such a discussion, you most engage in what other people have to say. The whole point of starting an ED discussion is to get into a debate with other users and not ignore their points. If any other mod wants to create another post here on making an ED thread and how to respond in more detail, please do. I don't have time to write more than an outline. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 08-14-2012 at 05:36 AM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
