http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?119453-Reflections-on-Fun-amp-Games
 Reflections on Fun & Games
 This may go well or this may go poorly, but I feel compelled to put it up regardless. So I've been curious for awhile to know what most people on A4 really think about this section of the forum. Coming up now on its sixth year of existence, Fun & Games has at times been a rather controversial place, seeing both its low moments and its higher ones, and I feel like it's time to take a step back and ask "Is this really what we want A4 to be?" (Yeah, I know, Kou's getting all super-serious now, but stick with me here, there's likely going to be a big wall of text here, but please read it). For a lot of you here, this section of A4 has always existed, just a normal fixture of the forum, hard to imagine without it. But things weren't always this way. For the first three years or so, there was no Fun & Games here on A4. And it's no coincidence that if you ask just about anybody who has been here since those years what their favorite time was on A4, they'll say then, the pre-F&G era. There was a different ambiance to this place, a different form. All the other sections of the forum were active, real active, and we had about twice as many of them as we do today (We actually had individual subforums for dozens of different popular anime series and even some games). The general non-anime sections were thriving and full of posts (Some good, some bad, but much more in favor of good compared to today), the video game sections were fresh, piles and piles of posts to read and respond to and enjoy. Hell, people actually posted about anime on a regular basis here! Even me! And the community make-up was different then, too. It felt kinda like everybody knew everybody in a way (Even if that wasn't true) because we all posted everywhere rather than in cliques formed out of people who go to IRC or out of people who do A4 voice chats or, most commonly, out of people who chat in Fun & Games. Now I'm not here to sit and reminisce about how things were - don't mistake my purpose, it's just I'd rather people had an anecdotal glimpse into a firsthand account of where we are today versus where we were then. A lot of people come up with different reasons and theories about why we're so dead now (And relatively speaking, we are, make no mistake), about why post quality is down, about why sections are dying out. Some of them are valid, some less so. But an undeniable catalyst in A4's history was the introduction of the Fun & Games forum. Fun & Games changed the chemistry here. It very quickly became the centerpiece of the forum (And it still is today - the vast majority of posts, threads, and activity takes place there, and nowhere else on the forum is even close), it changed how people posted, how people acted, what the expectation was. It changed what kind of members we attract here and how people interact with and form relationships with one another. We used to get to know one another by making threads and posting about stuff that implicitly revealed our tastes and unique personalities. Now we do so mostly by flirting with each other in F&G or not at all. We used to have fun on A4 by posting in topics which merited actual discussion - be it about anime, games, personal lives, music, or plenty of other things. Now it's like Fun & Games is where the 'fun' is supposed to live and everywhere else is just a chore that can only be made fun by turning it into the kind of posts you'd find in F&G. Things are certainly different now. So with all that said, the reason this thread is being posted up in the feedback forum is because I want feedback - genuine, honest thoughts and feelings from people, from everybody - about Fun & Games. I've shared most of my own thoughts, but now I wanna hear from you guys. About why you post there, if you do, about why you don't post there if you don't. About whether or not you think it belongs here, about whether you think it's a benefit or a detriment to the forum as a whole, about what you think it means for A4's image when it comes to potential members. Anything you have at all about it, I'd like to know. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
