http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158643-Kiseijuu-Sei-no-Kakuritsu-(Parasyte-the-maxim-)
[Horror] Kiseijuu: Sei no Kakuritsu (Parasyte -the maxim-)
 Parasyte -the maxim- (寄生獣 セイの格率, Kiseijū: Sei no Kakuritsu) is an anime adaptation of the Parasyte manga series written and illustrated by Hitoshi Iwaaki, and published in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1990 to 1995. The manga was published in North America by first Tokyopop, then Del Rey, and finally Kodansha Comics USA. The manga will be adapted into two live-action films in Japan in 2014 and 2015. The anime television series adaptation has just started airing. Parasyte centers around a 17-year-old teen named Shinichi Izumi, who lives with his mother and father in a quiet neighborhood in Tokyo. One night, worm-like aliens called Parasites invade Earth, taking over the brains of human hosts by entering through their ears or noses. One Parasite attempts to crawl into Shinichi's ear while he sleeps, but fails as Shinichi is wearing headphones, and enters his body by burrowing into his arm instead. In the Japanese version, it takes over his right hand and is named Migi (ミギー), after the Japanese word for 'right'; Tokyopop's version, in which the images are flipped horizontally, has the Parasite take over Shinichi's left hand and it is named Lefty. Because Shinichi was able to prevent Migi from travelling further up into his brain, both beings retain their separate intellect and personality. As the duo encounter other Parasites, they capitalize on their strange situation and gradually form a strong bond, working together to survive. This gives them an edge in battling other Parasites who frequently attack the pair upon realization that Shinichi's human brain is still intact. Shinichi feels compelled to fight other Parasites, who devour humans as food, while enlisting Migi's help. 
 Last edited by Ned; 10-09-2014 at 11:54 AM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This is a seinen horror series, so it sounds right up my alley. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 A horror that would fill the Tokyo Ghoul void? Also, what's with this dubstep morphing soundtrack!? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I'm really looking forward to this one and I didn't actually expected that to happen anytime soon with a new anime. I'm a harcore seinen person. If it's not seinen I don't watch or read it*. And for that reason I dislike and am uninterested in most modern aniem as Seinen anime has gone virtually extinct. So when I saw this show in the new line up I could barely believe it. Also because it actually has pretty decent artwork and not that cookiecutter cartoony aguliness look that most anime have these days. And it's doen by Madhouse to boot. The guys that adapted Monster, and Shigrui as well as the studio that made Texhnolyze, Boogiepop Phantom and lots of other shows and movies I love. The only thing that makes me a little hesistant though is that it really seems to diverge a lot from the oringinal manga. And since I really loved the manga I hope the show doesn't ruin it entirely. Especially since I kind of got the idea they were trying to shoehorn in a harem element. Something that doesn;t fit this story at all. Still I'm ready to judge the show on it's own merits regardless of how it holds up as an adaptation. The anime adaptation of Welcome to the NHK is completely different from both the manga and the novel but it's still really good. And give Madhouse's track record of dark and controversial shows I expect not to skimp too much on the dark and mature tone of the manga which is always a good thing. At least for me. Also the trailer looked amazing and did include a lot of scenes that were also in the manga I don't expect the show to be awesome though but I do think it'll be a step in the right direction. Also seeing that both GitS and Mushishi have returned I think this might be the return of Seinen anime after having been absent for six years. At least I hope it is. I really do. So overall I'm cautiously optimistic about this show and will definitely watch. *obvious mislabbeling being the exception. Like with stuff stuff that's published in Shonen Ace. Seriously that magazine should rename itself Seinen Ace by now. Most of the stuff published in there I wouldn't even let an older teenager read. 
 I didn't know what to expect when I saw it last night, but it certainly caught my attention with this.  Spoiler 
 - My Anime List
 This one was pretty damn edgy for the sake of being edgy. The OP is legitimately awful with that terrible autotune ****, and then the OST is some dubstep that just doesn't fit the show it all, along with some pretty big inconsistencies and kind of a stupid premise. Probably gonna drop episode 4. 

 Hmm. I thought the first episode was satisfactory. I'm still not struck on the replacement character designs and they do seem to have made it a bit more 'anime' in their adaptation  Spoiler (pretty sure the comedy breast grab was not in the manga) , but it was decent otherwise. Would also agree that the OP was dreadful, but I didn't really notice the music other than that. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Originally Posted by NGE-Naru I didn't know what to expect when I saw it last night, but it certainly caught my attention with this.  Spoiler Huh? How can you have already watched it last night? It premieres tonight in Japan. Btw: that bit got taken directly from the manga. 
 Originally Posted by Shinuchan This one was pretty damn edgy for the sake of being edgy. Sounds good to me. A lot of people don't realize how much more mature and edgy seinen manga is compared to seinen anime. Like for instance the Welcome to the NHK anime is very tame compared to the manga that shows the three leads as degenerates that have been left out by society. Sato is addicted to drugs and regularly masturbates on screen, Misaki is psychotic and almost kills Sato at some point and Yamazaki is pretty mysoginistic and has rape fantasies. And that's pretty standard fare for seinen manga. A lot of Seinen manga gets addapted into live action shows because they're too mature for the anime medium that is still primarilly aimed at teenagers and young adults. A good example of this would be Ichi the Killer but then again that's edgy even for seinen manga. I'd mention Freesia by Jiro Matsumoto. All of it's leads are remoreseless and some are psychotic. Also it starts with two people having sex next to the mother of one of the two who is catatonic at that moment. Those kinds of scenes are pretty commonplace in seinen manga but they wouldn't fly for most seinen anime without someone immediately saying they're "edgy for the sake of being edgy". And because seinen anime is made for a younger audiences they often tone down the edgy stuff from the original manga so I like hearing that in this case they didn't. I'd stick around for a few more episodes if I were you. If it's anything like the manga it's gonna get very psychological. Note 1: the Welcome to the NHK manga is officially shonen but it's one of those shonen ace thingies I mentioned earlier. Note 2: Not all anime tones down the mature content. For instance the Shigurui anime series is just as brutal and mature as the manga it's based on. Edit: let me place the above statements into some context. Bcause allthough I do agree with them still I left out a lot of the context and as such it comes across a little snobbish and uninformed. I wrote it in the space of five minutes inbetween getting of work and going to a party and therefor chose my words really rather poorly. My apologies. So for starters, even though I clearly make it look like they are, the above statements are not sollid facts and more based on my own experiences. When I read manga I always am amazed at how much further they're allowed to take their stories then anime does. Likewise a lot of anime that has been dubbed seinen I just don't find all that mature. I mean sure Madoka Magica had a fairly dark storyline but at the end of the day you're still watching high school girls fight witches. Not that there's anything wrong with that. I'm not the biggest fan of the show but it's not bad by any means. Second: the manga that the Kiseijuu anime is based on also got critised for being edgy for the sake of being edgy so that sounds familiar to me and therefor makes me a little hopeful I'll actually enjoy this adaptation of a manga I love. Third: both the manga as well as the anime of Welcome to the NHK are very good imo but in very different ways. The anime is much more sweet and heartwarming while still retainign a sense of realism. Whereas the manga is a brilliant political satire. Fourth: I specifically mentioned the edgy elements of several seinen manga. It;s not like all seinen manag is extremely perverted. I mean Freesia is a fantastically smart existantial action thriller that is both thought provokign as well as very entertaining. It just happens to have a few edgy scenes. Ichi the Killer is a bit more edgy in it's subject matter but again it's a very well written analysis of the concept of pain. None of these are "edhy for the sake of being edgy"imo. Hopefully that enlightens my originally very pretentious and ill informed statements. 
 Last edited by Kerberos; 10-09-2014 at 01:57 PM. 
 This makes me feel funny in the tummy. Can't wait to check it, as if Madhouse being involved hadn't already sold it to me. And making the lead more nerdy is a good move imo. Hopefully they won't run out of money about 2/3 of through and then get 5 year old orphans to draw and re-use footage. Yes, I'm looking at you, Claymore. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 First ep was awesome. Excellent adaptation (I followed the manga to a point years ago). A must watch for me! 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by Kerberos Sounds good to me. A lot of people don't realize how much more mature and edgy seinen manga is compared to seinen anime. Like for instance the Welcome to the NHK anime is very tame compared to the manga that shows the three leads as degenerates that have been left out by society. Sato is addicted to drugs and regularly masturbates on screen, Misaki is psychotic and almost kills Sato at some point and Yamazaki is pretty mysoginistic and has rape fantasies. And that's pretty standard fare for seinen manga. A lot of Seinen manga gets addapted into live action shows because they're too mature for the anime medium that is still primarilly aimed at teenagers and young adults. A good example of this would be Ichi the Killer but then again that's edgy even for seinen manga. I'd mention Freesia by Jiro Matsumoto. All of it's leads are remoreseless and some are psychotic. Also it starts with two people having sex next to the mother of one of the two who is catatonic at that moment. Those kinds of scenes are pretty commonplace in seinen manga but they wouldn't fly for most seinen anime without someone immediately saying they're "edgy for the sake of being edgy". And because seinen anime is made for a younger audiences they often tone down the edgy stuff from the original manga so I like hearing that in this case they didn't. I'd stick around for a few more episodes if I were you. If it's anything like the manga it's gonna get very psychological. Note 1: the Welcome to the NHK manga is officially shonen but it's one of those shonen ace thingies I mentioned earlier. Note 2: Not all anime tones down the mature content. For instance the Shigurui anime series is just as brutal and mature as the manga it's based on. Edit: let me place the above statements into some context. Bcause allthough I do agree with them still I left out a lot of the context and as such it comes across a little snobbish and uninformed. I wrote it in the space of five minutes inbetween getting of work and going to a party and therefor chose my words really rather poorly. My apologies. So for starters, even though I clearly make it look like they are, the above statements are not sollid facts and more based on my own experiences. When I read manga I always am amazed at how much further they're allowed to take their stories then anime does. Likewise a lot of anime that has been dubbed seinen I just don't find all that mature. I mean sure Madoka Magica had a fairly dark storyline but at the end of the day you're still watching high school girls fight witches. Not that there's anything wrong with that. I'm not the biggest fan of the show but it's not bad by any means. Second: the manga that the Kiseijuu anime is based on also got critised for being edgy for the sake of being edgy so that sounds familiar to me and therefor makes me a little hopeful I'll actually enjoy this adaptation of a manga I love. Third: both the manga as well as the anime of Welcome to the NHK are very good imo but in very different ways. The anime is much more sweet and heartwarming while still retainign a sense of realism. Whereas the manga is a brilliant political satire. Fourth: I specifically mentioned the edgy elements of several seinen manga. It;s not like all seinen manag is extremely perverted. I mean Freesia is a fantastically smart existantial action thriller that is both thought provokign as well as very entertaining. It just happens to have a few edgy scenes. Ichi the Killer is a bit more edgy in it's subject matter but again it's a very well written analysis of the concept of pain. None of these are "edhy for the sake of being edgy"imo. Hopefully that enlightens my originally very pretentious and ill informed statements. Maturity =/= edgy for the sake of being edgy You can make an entirely mature and dark manga/show without just being outright edgy for absolutely no other reason BUT to be edgy. Things that are edgy like this are still easily for teenagers, because that's all teenagers want- gorey fight scenes and "MUH DEPRESSION". That's why Elfen Lied was such a big hit with teenagers- even though it was legit less than a 5/10. Anything that's just blindly edgy will get popular because that's what teenagers want- is edge. Being edgy isn't a good thing when looking at mature writing, it's just blindly stupid. 

 Opening and music in the anime were awesome. I thought it went really well with each other. This is something different, usually don't go for shows like this, but I am interested. I mean I liked Pupa so I should like this haha. 

 Originally Posted by jugger First ep was awesome. Excellent adaptation (I followed the manga to a point years ago). A must watch for me! That sounds promising! It'll be a few months untill I actually start watching as I like to binge watch my anime but it's a relief to hear first reactions from those who've read the manga are positive as well. 
 Originally Posted by Shinuchan Maturity =/= edgy for the sake of being edgy You can make an entirely mature and dark manga/show without just being outright edgy for absolutely no other reason BUT to be edgy. Things that are edgy like this are still easily for teenagers, because that's all teenagers want- gorey fight scenes and "MUH DEPRESSION". That's why Elfen Lied was such a big hit with teenagers- even though it was legit less than a 5/10. Anything that's just blindly edgy will get popular because that's what teenagers want- is edge. Being edgy isn't a good thing when looking at mature writing, it's just blindly stupid. Whoa whoa whoa!!! You got me all wrong. (which is understandable with my post being as chaotic as it was) I'm not saying being edgy IS mature. I'm just saying manga, particularly seinen manga, is a lot more edgy than seinen anime and therefor soemthing that is not very edgy for a seinen manga might seem very edgy for an anime. And indeed I'm not saying edgy equals mature. Elfen Lied would be good example of an edgy (though c'mon it's not that edgy) anime that was anything but mature. I'm saying that with mature storytelling often comes more edgy (for anime) material. For instance (minor spoiler for another show) in Shigurui there is a scene where one protagonist rapes a girl while the other one holds her down all because their master told them to. Now this might be considered edgy but it's also mature because it demands that the reader or audience lets go of simplistic notions of good and evil and views the protagonists as flawed but still decent human beings controlled by the will of others. After all we're supposed to care for them even after a scene like this. So edgy does not equal maturity but with maturity often comes edginess as maturity imo is all about inhabiting the moral grey area as, as anyone knows, no one is entirely good and just or entire evil and menacing. And often things that inhabit the grey area get labelled as edgy as a result. I can mention several instances in which Kiseijuu did this but I'm not sure what has already happened and I don't want too spoil things for you. Also I'd say: don't mistake edginess for surrealism. Kiseijuu has a very surreal storyline that is in many ways allegorical for our own psyche but you'll find out about that later on. As I said the manga gets very psychological at some point. 
 Originally Posted by Kerberos Whoa whoa whoa!!! You got me all wrong. (which is understandable with my post being as chaotic as it was) I'm not saying being edgy IS mature. I'm just saying manga, particularly seinen manga, is a lot more edgy than seinen anime and therefor soemthing that is not very edgy for a seinen manga might seem very edgy for an anime. And indeed I'm not saying edgy equals mature. Elfen Lied would be good example of an edgy (though c'mon it's not that edgy) anime that was anything but mature. I'm saying that with mature storytelling often comes more edgy (for anime) material. For instance (minor spoiler for another show) in Shigurui there is a scene where one protagonist rapes a girl while the other one holds her down all because their master told them to. Now this might be considered edgy but it's also mature because it demands that the reader or audience lets go of simplistic notions of good and evil and views the protagonists as flawed but still decent human beings controlled by the will of others. After all we're supposed to care for them even after a scene like this. So edgy does not equal maturity but with maturity often comes edginess as maturity imo is all about inhabiting the moral grey area as, as anyone knows, no one is entirely good and just or entire evil and menacing. And often things that inhabit the grey area get labelled as edgy as a result. I can mention several instances in which Kiseijuu did this but I'm not sure what has already happened and I don't want too spoil things for you. Also I'd say: don't mistake edginess for surrealism. Kiseijuu has a very surreal storyline that is in many ways allegorical for our own psyche but you'll find out about that later on. As I said the manga gets very psychological at some point. All I'm really saying is that from the first episode, it seems like it's just going to try and be edgy for the sake of being edgy. I've only seen one episode, and that's the only thing I'm basing it on so far. And yeah, Elfen Lied is honestly one of the most edgy shows lol. Even it's first 10 minutes of an episode is her running through brutally murdering everybody to escape prison, she then goes on to kill more people. It was just ruthless gore and nudity- so it was edgy. Not the mention, the killing the dog thing was COMPLETELY played out for shock value and to be edgy and "different." 

 I just watched the opening as everyone keeps talking about hwo awful it is. You know what I think? I think it's awesome!!! I was ehadbanging allong with it as it played. Yes it's laud and abrasive but so is Parasyte (at least the manga) It's brutal, dark, unpleasant and really doesn't give a flying **** about political correctness. It's perfectly fine to completely destroy it's main characters, both physically and mentally, to get it's points across. And that's why it's so cool. Also if you pay close attention (and have read the manga) you can actually see which way the show is gonna go and I can safely say based on the brief glimpses I noticed in the opening it's going in all the right directions. I love the opening. I really do. I'm still holding firm to my rule of only watching a show after it's finished and then binge watching the whole thing but I'm not sure if I'll be able to keep it up untill the show's actually finished. I mean it's 24 weeks. That's a long time to wait. Especially for something that looks as good as this. For now though I;m gonna restrain myself. Also because I have lots of other anime to catch up on. Like Key - The Metal Idol which I'm currently watching and very much enjoying. 
 Originally Posted by Shinuchan And yeah, Elfen Lied is honestly one of the most edgy shows lol. Even it's first 10 minutes of an episode is her running through brutally murdering everybody to escape prison, she then goes on to kill more people. It was just ruthless gore and nudity- so it was edgy. Not the mention, the killing the dog thing was COMPLETELY played out for shock value and to be edgy and "different." Maybe we need to set straight what we mean by edgy. For me gore doesn't equal edginess just, I dont know, gory. By edgy I mean containing uncomfortable subject matter like rape, incest, drug abuse etc... I will certainly concede that gore does not equate maturity. Though most mature shows and manga do have high amounts of gore this is really just because of the target audience the people behind it have full creative freedom in what they want to show rather than having to adhere to some kind of censorship. Think for instance of shows like Game of Thrones or Breaking Bad. Both are mature drama series that also happen to have a lot of gore. 
 Yeah, you're both talking about 'gratuitous violence.' Go watch Genocyber and get back to me. Anyway, solid episode and I'll be watching this one. Kinda 50/50 on the chracter design changes now. In the manga the main guy is less geeky but at the same time not a complete badass. He's your average nice guy and I really dug that. The parasyte was great though and I hope they play around with his look, so much potential for awesome original designs. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Yeah, you're both talking about 'gratuitous violence.' Go watch Genocyber and get back to me. Anyway, solid episode and I'll be watching this one. Kinda 50/50 on the chracter design changes now. In the manga the main guy is less geeky but at the same time not a complete badass. He's your average nice guy and I really dug that. The parasyte was great though and I hope they play around with his look, so much potential for awesome original designs. "Watch Genocyber" noted. Also if by "you" you mean me, I feel a little insulted. I just explained how for me gore (or violence) does not equate to edginess. And what edginess does constutute for me. Also I'm with you that the violence in Elfen Lied isn't all that extreme. Ichi the Killer now THAT is extreme in terms of violence. But mostly because of the psychology behind it. I do consider Ichi to be somewhat edgy but only because of the slight erotic, BDSM side to it. As for the characters designs: one of the reasons why I love the opening. The final moment sold it for me. I think given the events of the manga it makes a lot of sense to somewhat alter the designs. 
 I'm not saying violence and gore is edgy, either. You're completely missing the entire reason that Elfen Lied was edgy lmao. It was their execution and approach to violence and gore that made it edgy. It wasn't the fact that they had gore or violence that made it edgy, it was how they did it and how they put it into their show. 

 Man episode 2 was awesome.  Spoiler The possibility that one could transfer hosts and Migi still protects Shinichi...or so it says it didnt lol.  Spoiler That chick knows something is up, shes been asking a lot of questions and she switched hands.  Spoiler That ending though, I haven't even thought about two parasyte hosts having intercourse with the possibility of a parasyte child! 

 Finally got around to watching those first two episodes. Loved it! Looking forward to more... they really know how to hold back so you need to watch the next episode. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 If only Migi was less sceptical, he's minced. Can't wait for the plot to expand! Other parasites, govt, etc coming in! 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I like it. It reminds me a little of tokyo ghoul the main character I mean...They both had life changing encounters. The hand is just creepy though... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
