http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159969-BlackLivesMatter-Dartmouth-College-Course
 #BlackLivesMatter Dartmouth College Course
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy The grand jury deal was absolutely a farce, but the reality is that the evidence showed that it wasn't worth prosecuting the officer in the first place as no crime had been committed, it was really all done in a half-hearted attempt to placate a vocal populace literally calling for the officer's head while avoiding lengthy court proceedings. Yes I think there is absolutely a significant element for corruption in this type of proceeding, and I'm really against many closed and silenced aspects of the legal system, but the reality is that the entire response was driven by the media frenzy and all of the physical evidence points to it not being worth it to try and prosecute the officer. Let's say they did go through a standard legal proceeding though, the officer is in court, all the evidence is presented, much money and legal time is expended and at the end of it all the officer is found not-guilty of commiting a crime. What then? Just like in the Trayvon Martin case the populace and media who had latched on to this narrative of racism will REJECT the verdict and claim it as further proof of a biased, and corrupt legal system that doesn't value the lives of people based on their skin color. I'm all for a more open legal system, I'm also against the media lynching whomever the mob's next target is. We've seen this in several recent cases of rape allegations that ended up being demonstrably false (yet people called for castration and imprisonment whilst harassing those being accused), the numerous cases of the media claiming to present pictures of terrorists and purpetrators which ended up being false (Boston marathon bombing etc.) and we saw it in the Trayvon Martin case where it was reported that an ethnically white man shot an ethnically black man based on race despite Zimmerman being ethnically hispanic, there being no evidence that Zimmerman was or is racist, and all the physical evidence pointing to Zimmerman acting in self-defense while being assaulted. I only bring up the ethnicity deal because it was such a goddamned important aspect of the narrative the media was desperate to shove down our throats. Again in that case Zimmerman probably shouldn't have been following Martin around, but that's not illegal, and it all of that goes out the window when it's provable that Zimmerman WAS in-fact assaulted. Again, with the Zimmerman trial you had everyone disagreeing with the jury and rejecting the verdict anyways We'll never know if a crime was committed or not because none of the evidence was brought to trial. On top of that the PROSECUTOR'S key witness was a racist fraud who was not even present at the scene and lied about everything. Our justice system IS biased towards minorities and any argument against that is denial. Blacks and whites use drugs equally as much but blacks are incarcerated for drug crimes 3-4x as much. That's just one statistic out of a long list. As for the Trayvon Martin case I actually agree with the juries decision. The prosecution was stupid and went for a second degree murder verdict instead of man-slaughter. The jury even asked for a clarification on manslaughter and the judge wrote a contradictory instruction paper to the jury which defined manslaughter absent of the definition of involuntary manslaughter which Zimmerman would have been easily found guilty of. So the jury WANTED to convict Zimmerman of manslaughter but when they asked for clarification on how they could they were only given the definition of one of the SEVEN definitions of manslaughter. The prosecution in the Martin case was stupid and the judge was either stupid or had other intentions. If the jury was given the correct definition then they would have convicted him but they didn't even know it so I can't blame them. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
