http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151319-If-offered-Would-you-accept-immortality/page3
[General Discussion] If offered, Would you accept immortality? - Page 3
 Ill take this any day, U feel that the porpuse in life is to see the evaluation of every thing around you. Even if i out lived Millions of friends i would happily live forever 
[CODE] Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews/CODE]
 Yes without no doubt.Unless it has some kind of catch.Otherwise of course.I want to see how the future will look like after 100 years from now. 

 If you don't age or anything you just have so much more time to achieve your goals 
 Originally Posted by meowsayo If you don't age or anything you just have so much more time to achieve your goals Or so much time to procrastinate until Earth ceases to exist =) 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 i couldnt do it watching everyone die and the lonelyness wouldd be just to much like fullmetal alchemist ed and an als dad just too much negative side effects 
LEGENDS THE GAME DONT KNOW> Frank Braxton Dan Haskett Floyd Norman Bruce W. Smith
 Immortality as in eventually die in the ultimate way and be put to rest, or come back to life over and over? Because if it it's the latter, I can imagine the joys of being vaporized by the sun in 5 billion years and then re-animating in order to die of suffocation over and over again in space until the end of time. (Then again, space exploration.) If it's the first? Eh. I'd rather have an extra couple hundred years than a complete forever; enough time to keep exploring the world and seeing new establishments in culture and society while being able to peacefully leave the world after a long and interesting life. I just feel like everything would get a bit too monotonous after a while, unless I was in a position of affluence and felt like I was truly changing something and seeing it grow. Something like that! It's a weird topic so I sometimes go back and forth with it, honestly. 
 Last edited by Quulix; 11-12-2013 at 12:29 AM. 
 8/6/12 Never Forget. T.O.B RIP Gwenny 4/30/13. I love you.
 Simply, yes. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Nope, life is meaningless without death...(wait what!?) 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
 Yes, I would accept immortality and live a long, extremely amazing life. I would get to see any anime and read any manga that ever gets published, could jump from planes without a chute and live, could do anything I dreamed of. Immortality would be pretty damn sweet! And I'd have fun scarring people, purposely falling off buildings into the middle of the road and getting up, 'accidentally' shooting myself with shotguns, and re-enacting some death scenes from Another yea, I'd take it in a heartbeat 
I hate this town. It's too filled with memories I'd rather forget. I go to school everyday, hang out with my friends, and then I go home. There's no place I'd rather not go ever again. I wonder if anything will ever change. Will that day ever come? -Tomoya Okazaki
 Originally Posted by Quulix Immortality as in eventually die in the ultimate way and be put to rest, or come back to life over and over? Because if it it's the latter, I can imagine the joys of being vaporized by the sun in 5 billion years and then re-animating in order to die of suffocation over and over again in space until the end of time. (Then again, space exploration.) If it's the first? Eh. I'd rather have an extra couple hundred years than a complete forever; enough time to keep exploring the world and seeing new establishments in culture and society while being able to peacefully leave the world after a long and interesting life. I just feel like everything would get a bit too monotonous after a while, unless I was in a position of affluence and felt like I was truly changing something and seeing it grow. Something like that! It's a weird topic so I sometimes go back and forth with it, honestly. You...DO realize we will have left the planet over a million years before that ever happens....riiight? Hell if we are sentimental about our planet enough we will have the technology to just MOVE it someplace nicer! 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by quulix (then again, space exploration.) Yeah, I already mentioned that. 
 8/6/12 Never Forget. T.O.B RIP Gwenny 4/30/13. I love you.
 I think it's equally important to discuss whether it's even scientifically possible to be immortal. It's entirely possible that humans will live much longer in the near future due to medicine. I don't see much drawbacks in immortality unless you're stranded in a desolated planet all alone, then I can see how immortality would just be eternal suffering. The people who put it off because of boredom or whatever simply can't fathom a single human being living for that long or peoples responses are actually a reflection of what they feel about their current life. I'd be motivated enough to take it just to see where humanity goes (not that i have much hope for it). 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 I think it's equally important to discuss whether it's even scientifically possible to be immortal. Nope. It's not. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
