http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159635-Saenai-Heroine-no-Sodate-kata
[Comedy] Saenai Heroine no Sodate-kata
 The life of Tomoyo Aki, a highschool otaku working part time to support his BD hording. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Kato, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who’s always valued her relationship with MC. Kasumigaoka Utaha, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction? The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio’s journey through the tough territory of comiket and beyond. 
 Last edited by Sora Senpai; Today at 01:22 AM. 

 Looks like a Harem, but I always enjoy anime that have some kind of Anime or Manga related work involved. 

 I won't rush to this title. But if its a comedy then I'll keep it in mind. I still haven't put together a list for the winter yet so it may get included. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 -.- mfw they acknowledge that the plot sounds like an eroge because of the cast of female characters who have a mega gimmick. No thanks. 
 I am a sucker for these anime and this one has me hooked after the first episode. I like the girls and the MC is not a total POS. I like him a lot. Can't quite say who my favorite girl is but I know it wont be blonde. 

 Mhh Well I'm not hooked yet, but I will keep watching it at least. I didn't see anything special in first episode.. it was quite average... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I'm hooked. I was laughing the entire episode. I can relate to Tomoya really well...which may or may not be a good thing haha. He reminds me a lot of Katsuragi Keima, but in an anime sense. 

 This is probably my second favorite of the Season behind Durarara. Each episode has made me laugh, and I like the characters a lot. You can feel the passion in the acting. Hopefully he makes his Dating Sim. 

 And the cousin STILL isnt in the show, wtf D= lol. Kind of a slow episode but there were still parts that made me laugh. 

 Eriri is the worst!!! Utaha senpai had me rolling this episode. Kato though...damn she is sexy...but simple sexy...if that makes sense. 

