http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?128644-Diablo-III
 Diablo III
 DO NOT DISCUSS SPOILERS IN THIS THREAD WITHOUT USING THE [SPOILER] CODE. Ian is made of poo poo. Evil is back... Diablo III, the highly-anticipated sequel to 2000's heavily-lauded action-RPG, dungeon-crawling, demon-slaying loot-fest, Diablo II, is finally here after being announced four years ago by Blizzard Entertainment. "But, Professor, I was born in 1997 and couldn't even control my bowels in 2000, much less play cooperative online hack-n-slashers. Please, tell me what made Diablo such an awesome game." -You. Stupid, stupid you. Stay a while and listen... I could rehash everything this surprisingly good article from IGN says, but then I'd be depriving you of their excellent page-design and videos. Basically, the Diablo franchise was accessible, addictive, and extremely fun to play with friends (and this was during a time when most games didn't have a multiplayer component). There were so many things to enjoy in Diablo II and everyone will have a different answer for their favorite part: The campaign's storyline  Spoiler This is an album of the slides from the Diablo III installer that tell you a little about the story so far: http://imgur.com/a/QrSuz Spec-ing your character for the ultimate buildPlaying with friendsPVP (Player vs. Player competitive play)The cinematics... oh, sweet Tyrael, the cinematics!  Spoiler ITEMS, HOLY HORADRIC CUBE, THE ITEMS! Here is a video of Chris Metzen (of Blizzard) giving a brief synopsis of the series' story.  Spoiler Now that you have a slightly better understanding of the Diablo franchise, let's get into Diablo III. The Official Reveal Trailer from 2008 Compilation of most of the trailers and gameplay footage videos  Spoiler What is Diablo III?  Spoiler Diablo III introduces more gameplay in the same vein as its predecessors. Returning will be the Barbarian class along with four all-new classes: Monk, Witch Doctor, Demon Hunter, and Wizard; each with a male and female version and a unique set of skills with which to erase the minions of Hell from the face of Sanctuary. My five new fwends! Diablo III has a far more forgiving skill system than Diablo II, allowing you to experiment more freely with your builds. Item drops are now only seen by you so others cannot take all of the good drops. One no longer needs Scrolls of Town Portal, nor Identify. There is no more non-mutual "hostiling", making PKing (player-killing) impossible and all PVP is done in an arena specifically designed for PVP. All of these changes along with the fantastic new visuals should allow Diablo III to make the Diablo/Diablo II players nostalgic while drawing in and entertaining an entirely new generation of PC gamers. Oh, and did I mention that the multiplayer is free via Battle.net? 'Cuz it is... The game launched on May 15th, 2012 at midnight PST. Get HYPED. Listen to this song on repeat: Related links: NerdyNow Diablo III post (by our very own Psychotika)Official Diablo III siteDiablo WikiaDiablo SubredditSomethingAwful Diablo III thread 
 Last edited by Professor Nutbutter; 05-17-2012 at 02:28 PM. 
 ♫ I always feel like somebody's watching me. ♫
