http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138926-Deathnote-Thoughts-on-the-series
 Deathnote - Thoughts on the series
 I honestly dont know how i felt after L died. I think the series is just as amazing but theres a completely different tone to it. Gimme your thoughts! =^_^= Paradigm out 
 Last edited by Struggler; 02-28-2013 at 02:28 PM. 
 Paradigm 
 You gave a huge plot spoiler in your title. Believe it or not but there are people who have not seen Death Note yet. As for your question  Spoiler Death Note is extremely overrated. The series starts out fine and the tension is there as L looks for Kira. Around the time of L's death though, the story became boring and repetitive. Replacing L with Near turned the entire series into complete ****. I will never understand why you would kill off a character only to replace him with a character that has almost an identical purpose in the show. Light became more predictable the further the story went on and it eventually led to all of the tension being broken and Light dying in one of the most anti-climatic ways. In short, before L died Death Note was decent but afterwards it was complete garbage :/ 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Spoiler removed from thread title and OP edited. Mark your spoilers. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Death Note was like a 10/10 for me before that point and a 5/10 after. I try not to let that ending arc ruin how much I loved the first 25 or so episodes. If I were introducing the show to someone new, I might even go so far as advise them to consider that point the ending of the series and quit watching there. 

 Originally Posted by Jellz You gave a huge plot spoiler in your title. Believe it or not but there are people who have not seen Death Note yet. As for your question  Spoiler Death Note is extremely overrated. The series starts out fine and the tension is there as L looks for Kira. Around the time of L's death though, the story became boring and repetitive. Replacing L with Near turned the entire series into complete ****. I will never understand why you would kill off a character only to replace him with a character that has almost an identical purpose in the show. Light became more predictable the further the story went on and it eventually led to all of the tension being broken and Light dying in one of the most anti-climatic ways. In short, before L died Death Note was decent but afterwards it was complete garbage :/ Says you!  Spoiler The series changed from that boring repedative crap when L died. Near already knew Light was Kira. L did not and this was all leading to L only suspecting Light and them doing the same crap over and over again. Something big had to happen otherwise it would just be Kira and L working together trying to get each other to make a bad move. Because of L's replacements whom at the end worked together to make an opening it was because of that that Near was able to set up a unbeatable unseeable trap for him to fall in. I have no idea what you mean by repadative because unless you can give a single example which you cannot because I can give you twenty things that happened when near was around that could not have happened when L was around which will just nullify your one into some petty ass crap about you being butt hurt about L dying. That is why you and everyone else is butt hurt about the other 1/2 of the manga series and say its crap is because you are too stupid to get past the fact that everyone's favorite character died which actually helped the manga and was necessary plot twist to make it as good and viral as it was. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Says you!  Spoiler The series changed from that boring repedative crap when L died. Near already knew Light was Kira. L did not and this was all leading to L only suspecting Light and them doing the same crap over and over again. Something big had to happen otherwise it would just be Kira and L working together trying to get each other to make a bad move. Because of L's replacements whom at the end worked together to make an opening it was because of that that Near was able to set up a unbeatable unseeable trap for him to fall in. I have no idea what you mean by repadative because unless you can give a single example which you cannot because I can give you twenty things that happened when near was around that could not have happened when L was around which will just nullify your one into some petty ass crap about you being butt hurt about L dying. That is why you and everyone else is butt hurt about the other 1/2 of the manga series and say its crap is because you are too stupid to get past the fact that everyone's favorite character died which actually helped the manga and was necessary plot twist to make it as good and viral as it was. My problem is not with what happened to L, at the time I actually thought it was a good idea. What I did not like was Near who was basically an L clone with less personality and was given less than half of L's screen time. So yeah all I wanted was some big differences between the people who were trying to stop Light. L and Near were practically the same which I thought was retarded. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 death note is ok i find it somewhat boring and overated and i hate the ending where the main character dies. the show was quite popular from what i understand the only reason it only lasted 37 episodes is because the director didnt want to ruin the show with filler. i like the serious tone in the series and the idea of the deathnote el is a cool character as well i give it a 7. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Hahaha I do apologize for spoiling. Young to the site ^_^. I disagree with the opinion of the show not being good after L. I rather loved near and thought his way of thinking was much more based on logic . In my opinion L's assumptions ( though correct ) was a little drawn off his ego. Though Ryuk will always be my favorite character i think L is better than near . Hence why i said Im a little torn lol. Either way its been one of my favorite series for years. 
 Paradigm 
 I gotta say I agree with Jellz  Spoiler I just can't see why L and all the suspense and intricacies associated with him were removed in such a manner, only to be replaced with the exact same character with less appeal and development. Furthermore, this point (iirc) marks the beginning of the breakdown of the plot. REM would never let herself be used so ignorantly and when she does all of the careful 'realism' (read: plot having mostly logical rationalizations for actions/reactions) of the world starts to crumble. This is enforced by the most anti-climatic ending I've EVER seen!! Game over because the most careful pair of characters got their **** sneak-swapped without noticing. lame lame lame not to thread-jack but I just finished marathoning Monster, and it may have been the 74ep in a week that did it to me, but I found the ending in here (Monster) to be almost as anti-climatic and disappointing as DN. Anyone else feel this way or was my brain just lagging? 
 
 Originally Posted by ~KianziTiagusa~ not to thread-jack but I just finished marathoning Monster, and it may have been the 74ep in a week that did it to me, but I found the ending in here (Monster) to be almost as anti-climatic and disappointing as DN. Anyone else feel this way or was my brain just lagging? Its funny that you mention Monster because people like to compare it to Death Note (which is pretty dumb considering that Monster is in an entirely different league). The ending for Monster was suspenseful and had you thinking just like the rest of the series did. I was satisfied with the entire series and the amazing story that it told. Your opinion on the ending isn't an uncommon one though, some people weren't happy with it. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 *Writes in Death Note* DELETE!  Spoiler Haha, sorry. I had to do it. One of the best lines in the second half of the show. Anyway, yeah. I liked the series as a whole, and wouldn't say that the death of L ruined the show, but it definitely went into decline after L's death. I'm not saying the show should've stopped after L's death either. I'm saying that Near was a carbon copy of L, and a rather poorly constructed one as well. I would have preferred it to have been more of a focus on Mello, honestly. His character was much more of a wild card element in my opinion, than to "playing it safe" and using Near as Light's primary antagonist. In my opinion? At least L was likeable in that quirky bizarre candid way. With Near, he spent his time as an arrogant little bastard who was always trying to 'usurp' L's prodigious legacy. Kind of annoying if you ask me. Why not develop Near into an entirely different character, but could have the same base intellect as L, or greater? No, playing it safe seemed more of what the creator wanted to put out there. Mello would've been better at the helm. While not perfect, his opposite nature and temperament to that of L and Near would've made for a better face off between L and Mello. My thoughts. --By the way, shouldn't this be in the sub-forum Transcendental? Death Note fits the mold better there; horror, psychological thriller, mystery, supernatural, etc.. This place is more for romance and comedies.. and Death Note has minimal of either of these. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 I can see the similarities between DN and Monster, but I agree that monster is a bit of a different league. The ending wasn't bad per-se, i had just hoped all the suspense would come to a bang climax. but Johan is always so neat 
 
 The series as a whole was awesome.  Spoiler the writers used the rules of the notebook to their full potential in the first half of the series to the point that light had to make fake rules to win which he eventually did, but with mello in the second half causing chaos left and right there is no way it could be called repetitive.Near on the other hand was basically a little clone of L except less active. The fact that mello saved the little brats life leading to kira's defeat is the whole reason why the second half was possible, it still leaves light appearing to be the cleverest, it still shows that neither replacement alone matched up with L and it still shows light lose and die at the end. 
9 minutes 18 seconds.
 Well I think they decided to make Near a lot like L because of how dangerous it might had been to make someone completely new and different. It could had easily been a hit and miss thing imo. People responded to L as a character a lot so I think they might had tried a little too hard to make someone who had the same kind of feel and personality as him while still trying to put in something else. I think Near would had worked a lot more if they played Mello a lot more into the story. I mean they did quite a bit but if they had a little more interaction between the two together as one I think it could had worked. After all Near was not L's replacement and because of how it was all played out that is how everyone see's it but lets not forget that its Both of them together as a package deal that made the replacement. Not just near and Mello had TONS of charisma and personality difference. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Ugh, they ruined it by killing L. He was the best character, and if he had to die, then it really should've been left until the very end. The whole series just got so repetitive and boring after he died. Near isn't nearly as cool (pun intended). 

 Probably the only Jump series I've ever liked. Smart, approachable thriller with engaging and enjoyable psychological warfare... Of course everyone complains that it was **** after L died, and it's true that it dragged on for way too long with it's most compelling dynamic dead but still, great show. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Deathnote was one of my very first anime and i loved the whole anime , i think also that its a bit overrated. Well the end was epic , some people hated it me too at the beginning but i started to like it. But after L died Light didnt had a serious enemy , still enjoyable but i wouldnt rewatch it. 
 
 This anime is genius. However,  Spoiler i think the show went downhill after L died. At least for me. The new arc was nice with near and all but it wouldve been nicer if L was the one who destroyed kira and finished the kira case. 
  Spoiler It's a bit of an irony, the death of L but it was necessary for either Light to die. I think to prolong the series creators devised a plot that was totally believable, under which L could kill him. Bringing in Near was inevitable considering how L had previously lived his life. And Near's action were more than justified considering how L had devised to find a predecessor. It's not like he was a random mastermind/genius or anything, he earned the right to it plain and simple. If anything, what killed the show was how easily Near was able to become convinced it was Light, how quickly he proved it, and how quickly he had him disposed of. The last three episodes, hella intense. Light went from calm, cool, collected, and able to rationalize his actions to finally letting the power go to his head. He assumed that once he defeated L, it was over. Even from the grave, L was still able to thwart him. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Like I said before my problem was not with L dying, I thought it was cool and I agree that it was necessary. My problem was how they handled his replacement which I thought was about as bad as it could be. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Oh you spoiled it... Now I know... Damn... And I´m just on the 12:th episode 
 It was a bad idea to come to this thread if u didn't finish the series lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz My problem was how they handled his replacement which I thought was about as bad as it could be.  Spoiler See that's the thing. L was a genius for the most part. How many people in the world? Several billion. How many people on the planet would have been capable of deducing how the person was killing and coming pretty close to figuring out who did it? Out of several billion, maybe less than several hundred - 1. (1 because Light was a mastermind as well but the one doing the killing.) But L was brought in because he was the best. He just couldn't best Light. Look at the circumstances of L's preferred surroundings and even his demeanor when interacting with others. To say he was an oddball is an understatement. It makes sense that given his circumstance he could have planned to have a successor. He had the means to do so and was oddball enough that no one would think it abnormal that he'd do so in the manner he did. The Near vs Mello thing was unnecessary. But that's how L set it up. we don't have to like every aspect of his post mortem plans. But the result would've been the same. Light beat L in round 1. But L beat in Light in round 2. Originally Posted by MissLocita Oh you spoiled it... Now I know... Damn... And I´m just on the 12:th episode things are in spoilers for a reason 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Greatest anime ever. End of story. 
 Garbage animu mediocre first half and shitty second half. 
