http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159747-ABC-News-does-piece-on-video-games-lulz-are-had
 ABC News does piece on video games, lulz are had
 Originally Posted by MilkChan Was kind of hopeful that @ThisGuy would respond to my post because apparently 'I didn't get it.' When...yeah, I get it and I also think I'm smarter but that's a whole other thing I'm not going to get into. Anyway....Anyone see the latest episode of Law & Order: SVU as of today (2/13) on hulu. It was basically Anita's story and Zoe's story mixed together and then taken to the extreme. Kind of interesting. What am I supposed to respond to? I don't agree with death threats or rape threats, I'm also a GG supporter, those things are NOT mutually exclusive although Sarkeesian and company would love for you to believe they were. I don't see how some fringe element probably acting on BEHALF of Anita (who as we've both established has the most to gain from her victimization) is my responsibility to answer for. The truth is that Anita and company will not commit to an open debate because everything will come crumbling down once voices of reason and logic break through the vocal monopoly these idiots hold. A bunch of asshats in the games journalism industry got caught carrying out blatantly unethical behavior (it's not even disputable) and despite all this chaff they are throwing out about "greasy neckbeards throwing a fit about their boys club" we've seen nearly EVERY single journo site backpedal, alter, or create ethics requirements as a direct response to the GG movement. We're getting exactly what we want, now it's just a matter of showing the false academics like Sarkeesian for who they are: hacks, liars and con-artists who rely on a routine of victimization rather than intelligent debate in a broader "marketplace-of-ideas." The episode of SVU does nothing, it brings nothing to the table. Mentioning or including a topic (Gamer Gate) in media does not equate to adding to the "conversation" (which consists entirely of a corrupt group of people screaming "nazis and misogyny" over a historically fringe social group). The episode inaccurately portrays everybody, it goes further and invents **** that didn't happen convolving fiction and reality on a very real and serious topic that many are being introduced to for the first time through the show. The subsequent biased coverage on this episode has done nothing but throw salt on wounds and tear at the community as a whole. It's all about views and clicks, social politics (which were shoehorned in by academic slouches in the feminist community) will likely remain popular in the media for as long as they can ride that train. These people literally blame all men for atrocities committed and REALLY believe that videogames are an agent of male patriarchy perpetuating violent oppression of women, of course they don't have any convincing arguments or hard facts to back this claim which are all in direct conflict with statistical data showing that violence against women is down, violence as a whole is DOWN, and there are far more women represented in more fields than ever before. So what do you want to talk about? Or did you just want to wank about how smart you think you are? 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
