http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141237-Best-original-anime-in-the-past-10years
 Best original anime in the past 10years??
 Whats your take on this? Im looking for some new animes. I prefer a lot of action. 
 Moved to correct area, clone thread deleted, carry on.... 
 Not action packed but the best anime in last 10 years I think has to be Monster 
 I don't know what you mean by original, but if you want action in an anime watch Gurren Lagann. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 I kinda noticed Monster gets mentioned in these forums no matter what you ask for lol. I started watching It and I'm about 6 episodes in. If you want to know the best action packed anime in the last 10 years I would say Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood, but I can't help but give you a couple options because not everyone taste is the same. Also try Claymore, Soul Eater, and Naruto 

 Originally Posted by your friend I kinda noticed Monster gets mentioned in these forums no matter what you ask for lol. I started watching It and I'm about 6 episodes in. If you want to know the best action packed anime in the last 10 years I would say Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood, but I can't help but give you a couple options because not everyone taste is the same. Also try Claymore, Soul Eater, and Naruto Soul Eater is definitely not an original, It's a Elemental Gelade clone. To OP: It's hard to come up with original Action based series that started in your time frame, since nearly all the original "action" type anime were from the 90s, and early 2000s(before 2003). (anime lists on the anime database is a huge help in trying to figure this out, otherwise it would've took hours) I'm gonna have to go with Kekkaishi. If the original Naruto started in 03, instead of 02, that would be a clear winner, but It's older then I thought it was. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 04-11-2013 at 07:37 PM. 
 Ugh ... i would say Code Geass - but the eye thing is like copied from Naruto>? But the Fate series (Stay night/Zero) were very original and i enjoyed watching them or Clannad? - so far i havent seen any anime where the story was so detailed. Cant really choose between them. 
 
 Durarara!! No doubt. 
