http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158492-Avatar-The-Legend-of-Korra-Book-4-Final-Season/page2
 Avatar; The Legend of Korra - Book 4 Final Season - Page 2
 I just finished all 4 seasons over this past week. It's things like this that I hate. Tacting on last minute character development when there hasn't been much foreshadowing. Heck, I was still hoping for something regarding her connections with the previous Avatars. Whatever, I'm very dissappointed with how this show came out. 
 I tried watching it for the first few episodes and I started hating the main character. It just was not as good as the other for me. I am considering giving it another try soon to see if I can get into it. Maybe watch the next 8 episodes or so to see if it gets more interesting for me. I want to like the show, but I just could not get past the first impression some of the characters gave me. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 No, LoK is decent; you'll enjoy it. It does have its faults, but it is worth watching (at least once). 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Theres plenty of foreshadowing to asami x korra. You know the whole fandom has only been saying that since the second book of this series. Oh well, sucks you didnt like it. This was one of the best shows ive seen in awhile and the writers should be applauded. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 No, I liked the show; I was just disappointed in how the writers handled the seasons' plots and character development. I hope beyond hope there is a 5th season (I know there won't be) so we can explore the lost connections with the Avatars... instead of throwing together hasty romance pairings in-order-to make a statement when the romance had nothing to do with the story's progress or the characters themselves. Then again, the original Avatar had similar problems with last-minute character developments/dilemmas (Aang agonizing over killing the fire lord in the last few episodes of the final season). LoK introduced some awesome plot elements but chose to resolve them shonen style (beat up bad guy till he shuts up) instead of resolving the underlying plot issues. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Please tell me what these underlying plot issues were, my friend. Let's discuss them together! LoK was so enjoyable to me, and discussion threads are made for disputing. 
 Anita Sarkeesian make a video about this show? I wouldn't be surprised. Watched the first season when it first aired and forgot about it. Just finished it today and it made me all sad on definitely more than a couple of times throughout the show. Avatar was enjoyable and emotional, but it's more the case with korra but with better writing. Season 1 was great. I liked the equalist movement and it was something new coupled with a city that felt rich and real, the awesome art definitely helps with the environment it portrays. The anti-bending idea was great and fresh, and it portrayed that there was something else more important to the show besides bending. It made benders feel vulnerable and that was awesome. I do feel like there should have been a bit more of foreshadowing instead of last minute with the main antagonist. The character was interesting and mysterious, but it was last minute and I felt like the impact would have been better if I knew at least something about him earlier. Still awesome ending to first season, and it's still one of my favorites. Season 2 didn't grab me in as much as season 1 but it was enjoyable with a decent amount of action to draw me in and intrigue. The spirit world was cool and it gave me a miyazaki type of vibe, but even if its one of the less interesting ones, it definitely wasn't pointless and was very much important to the entire rest of the story. Season 3 was awesome. The creation of the red lotus is literally the most badass and greatest idea to come out of the writers. A bunch of criminals with crazy bending abilities (yes lava) trying to kidnap korra for unknown reasons. I like that they expanded on the bending abilities but to me Korra always felt underpowered and there was never much knowing all 4 elements other than using them separately in each succession. The show never made it quite clear why having four gave you an advantage but i guess they didn't want to make the show predictable. There were neat little surprises here and there in each season. Could have used more characters dying I think there was at least one foreshadow for asamixkorra and I think that was one of the letters she was receiving I forgot what season. That was enough for me to make me question but to some prob not enough to make the leap that she was lesbian. maybe the writers didn't have the balls to implement it much more bluntly rather than be subtle and wait for it till the end. Great series and one of the most highly entertaining and enjoyable shows around. Hopefully, more stuff like this will come out but I think the american industry are not very eager to take risks and make new shows and I doubt legend of korra would have been created or at least gone as far as this if it didn't already have an established fanbase with enough views. 
 Last edited by Zer0; 01-14-2015 at 12:57 AM. 
 I enjoyed LoK as a whole. Definitely not as much as AtLA, but still decent. I don't know what was up with the Korrasami at the end though. That threw me off guard lol. Not that I have an issue with it, but where did it come from...? xD I know fans liked pairing them up, but as far as I could assume from them, they were just good friends. ANYway, the series was great. I really would love a series of the inbetween AtLA and LoK, but that's asking for a lot, I guess. =) 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
