http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?139431-VA-Revival-Small-Announcement
 VA Revival - Small Announcement
 Hey guys, We are going to try something a little different with Visual Arts and see if we can breathe some life back into the place. Initially, it will work on a temporary experimental basis. The more activity we get in here, the more ideas we will be able to implement. =) Stickies Following KTs suggestion thread, I've removed all of the stickies that no one cares about anymore that were clogging up the forum. It looks so much better, doesn't it? Signatures/Banners: The stickied "bannerage" will remain as a place to get more in-depth critique on any of your signatures and banners. You must continue to follow the rules of that thread. Giving critiques and posting your work in that thread should hopefully work in such a way that people will want to look at more of your work and give you advice on it. Link: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...EAD-FIRST-POST So in addition to the Bannerage, we are going to allow members to have their own signature/banner (GFX) "gallery" threads (One thread per member). When posting work in your thread, please do not double post unless there is a lapse of 3 days since your last post. When commenting on another's work, give advice or say what you like about the work, otherwise "it's so awesome" posts will count as spam. We are trying to encourage some feedback rather than a comment style thing. All requests must still be made in the requests subforum, please. Traditional/Digital Art No changes here, just continue to create your own threads for all your artwork. Obviously separate from the GFX stuffles mentioned above. Tutorials We would LOVE to see more tutorials from some of our talented members. If you create one, please make a post in the resources sticky with the link. That way we can keep a permanent index and your contribution won't get lost in the mix. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
