http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152458-Corruption-in-Video-Game-Journalism
 Corruption in Video Game Journalism
 Gaming journalism is corrupt. When I began my budding career as a video game journalist, I came across an article from Insertcredit.com. My eyes have never read the most touching exposé on video game journalism – summarily that it didn’t even exist. Tim Rogers details on his experience working with PlanetGamecube, which is now called Nintendo World Report. The PlanetGameCube.com Staff Guide tells how to deal with press releases: basically, affix “[Game Company] announced today that . . .” to the top, delete the “Company Information” from the bottom, and write up a two-sentence “abstract” for the front page. See the site for examples. Corruption in gaming journalism – or any kind of journalism for that matter, is no surprise. What is a surprise is how many outlets fall victim to such an atrocity. According to Metacritic, the recent reviews for Dragon Age 2 came out with relatively favorable scores by news outlets such as IGN, GameInformer and Gametrailers, but out of 427 ratings and 100 written reviews as of March 10th, 2011, Metacritic users have rated Dragon Age 2 an abysmal 4.2 score. I’m not bashing the reviewers for their views on the game. No matter what anyone tells you, reviews are completely subjective. From the moment most games start, the menu lets you choose how to play the game. Easy for noobs, medium for casual players, and hard for the hardcore. What I am bashing is the inability for outlets to give more volume to the voice that cannot be heard. The voice of the consumer. Gameplanet released a news byte stating that they were cancelling a Black Ops review article because information came out of invitations that were sent to journalists for a mansion vacation to review Black Ops. Again, this sort of corruption is not new to the industry. Insertcredit’s Jane Pinckard explains her experience with reviews: I came across a review of a game which, according to the text, had a flawed inventory system, frustrating AI, ho-hum graphics, and a game world which required hours of aimless wandering around while trying to figure out where to go next. The final score: eight out of ten. Eight out of ten? Eight out of ten for what, exactly? Eight out of ten must have been for all the fabulous features not mentioned in the review, a stunning character design, perhaps, or a completely innovative, exciting combat system. Because eight out of ten could not possibly sum up the reviewer’s rather dour take on the gaming experience of this product. We are patronizing an industry where games are being developed like they were on an assembly line rather than born from an artist’s imagination. We are consuming media from outlets that promise objective reviews and subjective news, which is an oxymoron. I can’t promise you, dear reader, that I’ll agree one hundred percent on your point of view on a game, because I’m different than you. I can’t promise you that I’ll be perfect every time with my grammar. I’m still in high school, learning the ropes of journalism as I go along, trying to build up my resumé. What I can promise you is that I’ll investigate every game that I’m given as much as I damn well can. I’ll read the manuals in the game covers, I’ll go online and read the related forums. If it’s a game based on historic events, I’ll refresh my memory by accessing my school’s databases and give you the rundown on how historically accurate it is or not. I’ll tell you what difficulty I played the game on. The pipe dream that is of having a paid job being a gaming journalist seems oh so far. If that were to happen, I pray that my love for gaming will be able to steel my resolve against the evils and corruption that is money. 
 It really isn't anything new to me. There will always be corruption and bias in reviews. A good review is an honest, un-biased review. That is rare though. There are also those who think they are doing an honest review, but don't realise their bias towards certain things. Or as people like to call them... Preferences. Lol @Mansion holiday, never heard of that before. I wonder who told them about it. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I love the big OMG IT'S CORRUPTION as though any of this really matters. 

 Originally Posted by Pured It really isn't anything new to me. There will always be corruption and bias in reviews. A good review is an honest, un-biased review. That is rare though. There are also those who think they are doing an honest review, but don't realise their bias towards certain things. Or as people like to call them... Preferences. Lol @Mansion holiday, never heard of that before. I wonder who told them about it. well that is just it right...bias is something you cannot help tho you can try and tone down as much as possible but personal likes and dislikes will always be a factor. I think it is impossible to ever fully remove bias from a review given by one person because a review is really no more then their take on what they are playing/watching or reading. 
 Originally Posted by Zenex well that is just it right...bias is something you cannot help tho you can try and tone down as much as possible but personal likes and dislikes will always be a factor. I think it is impossible to ever fully remove bias from a review given by one person because a review is really no more then their take on what they are playing/watching or reading. First thing you learn in Journalism class is that there is no such thing as complete objectivity in journalism so expecting it is unreasonable. So yup I totally agree with what you are saying here. Money may be a motivator to give a certain title a score in a review but if you really want to know how good a game is just play it yourself. In the case of Dragon Age 2 i can understand. The first game set such a high standard that anything short of amazing would get the disapproval of the fans. There were a lot of problems with the game but overall i still found it quite enjoyable. Probably not an 8/10 but definitely not as low as a 4 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Journalism in general has been dying because it's becoming unnecessary. The internet and social networking has created a situation where people are able to obtain the information they want without the need for a filter, like journalists and media outlets. You can just find first person accounts through things like twitter, live, as the source provides information. Similiarly, with as many people who demo and LP games on streaming sites and youtube, you can often watch actual gaming footage and get a better idea of the title than someone is going to be able to describe in a couple paragraphs, or more likely a sentence and an arbitrary numerical score. And hell, from the OP itself, why bother with those ratings when user ratings exist as well. Consumer reviews for products are a pretty fantastic tool that removes the need for a supposed expert who's more likely nothing but a corporate shill. 

 Exactly, social media is what it's all about. The COMMENTS on game review sites tend to be more useful than the actual review these days. Still, Destructoid is my go-to for GOOD reviews, and if they are full of it, the comments aren't gona lie. (Same can be said about the computer industry, Google is all you need most of the time..) 
 Yeah I'm not saying there are no good journalists or that there aren't entertaining ones; giantbomb is another group that really puts out some insightful and genuinely funny content especially with their bombcasts. 

 Hmm, I have to say that I was surprised to ctrl+f and not find the word "Russia" a single time in this thread. This may be your best thread yet Soyuza. In any case, yes, not only video game reviewers but also technology reviewers, movie critics, book reviewers, and just about every other type of journalist is going to give rave reviews to the games from companies which sponsor them. I remember reading EGM and finding that every single Squaresoft game was rated at least 8.5/10. On the other hand some real masterpieces like Lunar: SSSC got like 6/10. Eventually I noticed that on every back cover of EGM there was a Squaresoft advertisement... yeah. Luckily for us, as Ian said, the whole concept of paid journalism in general is losing its influence because the public is starting to notice that they're all full of **** and trusting regular bloggers/social media websites for information. In regards to reviews, websites like Goodreads for books and IMDB for movies really bring a lot of reliable, unbiased reviews. What do we need with professional critics now? Is some snob with a degree in English literature somehow more perceptive than the general public for entertainment? The Shawshank Redemption, which is indisputably one of the most flawless movies of all time got an average score of 80/100 among 19 critics. On IMDB it has a score of 9.4/10. Anyway, I love the way this new trend is going where professional critics are just borderline useless. In general they tried too hard to be edgy and nitpick "flaws" for no reason in order to sound like they were on a different level of thinking, but in reality they were just on another level of douchebaggery. 
 I think generally rotten tomatoes is pretty dcent indicator. I don't always follow it to heart, obviously i have the final say in it but if a movie has like 20 percent I'll most likely avoid it. Then again I usually base if off reviews and people I know who know what they are talking about before buying/checking out anything. User reviews can also be pretty bad as well. They'll give out dumb opinions regarding games, products and whatnot. But the thing with user reviews is you can identify the retards and simply just skip them lol. Goodreads is the only example I've seen of well thought out user reviews that I usually take into consideration. 
 I got a solution... Get rid of Metacritic!!! 5/5 stars does not equal 100% which also does not equal an A+. Game studios have shut down thanks to this dumb scoring system. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
