http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152071-To-aru-majutsu-no-index-and-To-aru-kagaku-no-railgun
 To aru majutsu no index and To aru kagaku no railgun
 Do these animes have a good story as i am considering watching them from start to finish within a week, is it worth doing? 
 In my opinion, yes. It isn't the most unique anime, and it can get repetitive sometimes, however the pacing is extremely well done. It's a really easy anime to marathon and it's pretty engaging. If you like them you should also check out To Aru Majutsu no Index II and To Aru Kagaku no Railgun S, which are the sequels for both respective series. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 Railgun is essentially a spin-off of Index from Misaka's point of view. Gotta love Touma's luck with women. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Touma's luck is insane and any man would be jealous. then again Index did say he has no luck because of imagine breaker. im currently switching between index and railgun. i quite like stile's pyromancy and the katana girls wire attacks. 
 Its so ironic that Touma's Imagine Breaker repels fortune from him, yet he's always catching girls in their most immodest moments. Is he really so unfortunate? If I was in his shoes, the phrase I would be saying the most instead of "Such misfortune!" is "Worth it!" 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Began watching Railgun and it is way better that I thought it would be. Hoping season 2 is dubbed soon 

 Index is pretty good i haven't seen railgun yet though 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Index is pretty good i haven't seen railgun yet though Index is basically Railgun from Touma's point of view with a touch of magic added, and I would say it's just as good or maybe even better. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 Don't you mean misaka? 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Don't you mean misaka? Idk why but I keep thinking her name is Mikasa for some weird reason 

 Yes they are a very good, unique anime. I love Misaka the most on the show. She is quite adorable to me (idk why.). She is also strong. So yes, she catches my eye. ^^ 
 I really enjoyed To Aru Majutsu no Index but I haven't seen Railgun yet. The main difference is that Index focuses more on Kamijou Touma and the character Index and Railgun focuses on Misaka Mikoto. They are both pretty good. I liked the story in Index, particularly the way they portrayed Accelerator later on in the show. They are worth watching. 

 Index is pretty good, kind of degrades slightly in the second half of the 2nd season though, and the director doesn't take advantage of the romance aspect that would've seemed natural to do(the story pretty much demands such for crying out loud, but the director basically ignored that aspect of the story). I haven't watched railgun yet, It's still buried in my 50+ want to watch list, however since It's really suppose to be a spin-off, and not a sequel, It's not a top priority for me(there many anime in my want to watch list, that I want to watch way before I get to that one). 
