http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?127242-11Eyes
 11Eyes
 11eyes: Tsumi to Batsu to Aganai no Shōjo Directed by: Masami Shimoda Written by: Lass Genre: Action, Romance, Comedy Studio: Dogakobo Licensed by: Canada United States Sentai Film works Original run : October 6, 2009 – December 22, 2009 Number of Episodes: 12 Synopsis: After losing his sister seven years ago, Satsuki Kakeru led a vacant life, only able to return to normal with help from his childhood friend Minase Yuka and other friends at school. Suddenly one day the sky turns red, and the moon turns black. Everyone around Kakeru and Yuka disappears and monsters start roaming the streets. They are able to run away and hide and after a while, the world returns to normal. But just when they thought this world was a dream, the Red Night occurs again. Kakeru and Yuka manage to find four other humans involved in this mysterious phenomenon: Kusakabe Misuzu, a red-haired onmyouji swords-woman, Tachibana Kukuri, a strange mute girl who looks like Kakeru's deceased sister, Hirohara Yukiko, a lively young girl who reverts to the personality of a cold killer when her glasses are removed, and Tajima Takahisa, a young pyrokineticist with a heated attitude to boot. They get together and try to survive, but six shadows suddenly appear in front of them.... These six shadows call themselves the "Black Knights," and for an unknown reason wish to kill Kakeru and friends. The teenagers wind up coming across a girl with flowing silver hair wearing a white dress, trapped in a red crystal. Her name is Liselotte. She claims that she is being held captive and asks for their help. The Black Knights prevent them from doing anything and begin referring to Kakeru's friends as "fragments". They go on trying to survive, the six teenagers gradually form bonds and begin to work together in order to defeat the Black Knights, in the hopes that this will end the Red Night once and for all. Just a taste Episode 1 part 1 Review Time: Lets first start this off by pointing out a few of the highlights of the series and where it is strongest at. 11Eyes has tons of suspense, plot twists and plenty of action and romance to fulfill the pallet of just about anyone whom is a fan of the romantic and action genres and just enough for those who also enjoy the occasional slap stick thrown in the in-between areas to keep you wanting even more. Only 12 episodes long it spends almost all of this time waisting little effort that distracts from the plot and the development of the characters and their interactions with each other and how their personalities deal with the circumstances of what they have to deal with. Its not all tits and ice cream in this anime though. The interaction and "love" fest that the two main characters Kakeru and Yuka have starts out very cute and heartwarming but eventually leads to an almost psychopathic and probably one of the most annoying things I have ever seen before. I don't want to spoil just how bad it can get but you can trust me that it gets to the point to where you just wish Kakeru would cut Yuka free and get with one of the other female characters of the show just so she will shut up and go away. Some of the plot twists near the end are incredibly confusing and overly complex for what they should be or at the very least needed to been explained in a better manner. The characters of the show each have a unique and special ability that is both entertaining and fits each character perfectly. The music is a little above average and while there are some good songs and background music it is nothing too special and most of the time our heroes are spending their time uncovering the truth of what the Red Night is and the past of Liselotte an almost impossible to pronounce name. Almost reminding me of the Green Hornet movie's main villan of Chutnofskey or however you spell that name. Liselotte is an equally hard to remember how to say it name that annoys and confuses me. Despite the few short comings and the hard to understand plot twists and impossible to say character names this anime has. It is still a very wonderful and solid anime experience and is one that any fan of the three genres would enjoy watching or even adding to their anime collection! So without wasting any more time, I have no choice but to give this anime my Final Judgment: I the all mighty and powerful Shadow Fox. Hereby grant this anime the grade of a A Review Score Guide F - Its bad, Wedding Peach Bad! D - Kinda Sucks, Maybe you just gotta be into that kinda thing C - Average of course. Nothing special about it. You may like it. B - Its pretty good. Has some good moments and is worth watching. A - Great Anime. Worth buying A + - Superb Anime. One of the best out there and is going to be remembered forever. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
