http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155769-Twitch-plays-Pokemon
 Twitch plays Pokemon
 http://www.twitch.tv/twitchplayspokemon So, this has gotten pretty popular lately. It's basically a 24/7 stream of twitch.tv users putting commands into chat in order to control Red on his quest to become a Pokemon master. They recently finished Pokemon Red/Blue with a total play time of 16 days, 7 hours, 45 minutes, and 30 seconds. Here were some of the highlights: *Releasing Charmeleon, Flareon, Drowzee, Farfetch'd, and several other Pokemon. *AATTVV (level 36 Venomoth) solo killing Lance's Dragonite (level 62) in a legendary battle. *Catching Zapdos somehow. *Red visiting his mother at home after 11 days of play time. *Defeating Blue after dozens of attempts at the Elite Four. Some art: Victory video: Tune in some time for a show of a job best done by one person being done by 30,000! 
 
 The stream itself bores me, but the fan-created companion lore and artwork seen on reddit is all pretty cool. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler The stream itself bores me, but the fan-created companion lore and artwork seen on reddit is all pretty cool. Yeah, you really gotta get in at the right time. If you get in during a boss fight it can be pretty cool, but I usually just check in for a few minutes a day to see what's happening. I've gone back 12 hours since my last visit and seen Red in almost the same identical spot. 
 The stream was obnoxiously boring. I'd have more fun watching a bunch of genetic algorithms play. But what do I know, I'm just a wet towel. I'm sure someone will write a paper about it all... 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Yeah the streams incredibly hit or miss, I usually just pop in a few times a day to see what progress has been made (holy **** they managed to evolve their starter all the way to feraligatr!) but it's definitely amazing conceptually and seeing it work to some degree. 

 The stream itself is quite boring, but if you tune in at the right moments, it's one of the most exciting things to watch. I watched them... Attempt to teach Cut to Dux, and THEN use Cut. It took a while. Get past the Ledge of Doom. Release Abby and Jay Leno. I missed a huge portion of stuff midway after they were stuck in Team Rocket's base for like 2 days. I also saw the community come together to catch Zapdos because the only Pokemon that they had that could do anything was Pidgeot. I was at work when they were starting to attempt to beat the Elite Four. It took them nearly 13 hours to do that. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I got extremely bored within the first 5 minutes of watching. I like the concept, something truly unique. But yeah, I just went there to see how people were and to be honest they are WAY too serious about this. When ever something wasn't going their favor they began raging harder than a Bronze 5 who thinks he's really good. Inb4 Me. The only part I liked is when it got raided by the Famous Destiny that caused so much trouble even though it did not work. I would of laughed my ass off if that worked out. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 ALL PRAISE THE HELLIX FOSSILz!!! 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I've been hearing about this. I heard they got stuck in that cave where you need flash for about 13 hours because they didn't have it lol. Wish I had the time to watch stuff like this. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 Their Crystal play through isn't producing the same levels of hilarity as Red. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Gen 2 doesn't have nearly as many hilarious bugs and issues as Gen 1, and the gym progression isn't really as challenging; especially with a seriously overleveled Feraligatr. They can probably solo the whole game with him. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Gen 2 doesn't have nearly as many hilarious bugs and issues as Gen 1, and the gym progression isn't really as challenging; especially with a seriously overleveled Feraligatr. They can probably solo the whole game with him. Especially if they can kill a Dragonite level 50 ish with a Venomoth level 32 without losing any hp. That was legendary. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 This is probably the most frustrating game of Pokemon I've ever witnessed. They were stuck inside a Pokemon Center for about 30 minutes. When they finally got outside they just kept saving and walking into a wall over and over again. They've made it about three steps so far. It's a great concept however there are just.. way too many people.. 
 My Anime List
 i didnt even know this was that recent although i found out about it the other day when the cashiers at gamestop were talking about it. anyways found it hilarious for about 10 minutes then i found it boring but i would recomend giving it a quick watch if you like pokemon or even video games in general. i dont even like pokemon yet i found this amuzing. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 https://churchofthehelixchoir.bandca...errain-victory 

 I'm not even mad that is Amazing, Ian. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 The Way of the Dome is the one true path. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Interesting concept, boring execution. It's too lifedraining to watch this twitch. I only managed to watch it for 5 minutes and went crazy! start, b, start, b , save , move foward , move backwards, start , save.... HORRIBLE ! The only fascinating thing is, that there are person who actually plays it ! But great job in completing red/blue and to defeat a dragonite with a venemoth! applause 
 I used to take part in this.. But I gave up because it's so stressful to watch. With how people cry about democracy being evil and what not, then when it comes to it, people purposely put in start9 or whatever it now. But that was when I watched them play. But it's because people actually wanna get something done. It would be better if there weren't so many crybabies over the concept of democracy and how it can help get them somewhere. Yeah, anarchy is nice but it screws them up at times. And the threats too from when they played the first game? "I WILL MAKE SURE WE RELEASE ZAPDOS IF WE CATCH IT WITH DEMOCRACY" Seriously? It's pathetic. Great idea, horrible people that take part in it. 
 I watched it when they were doing the original version, popped in a couple times a day to see the progress. My mumble buddies and I made a bet on how long it would take which made it pretty entertaining. Definitely watch the highlight videos they are the best, of them releasing random pokemon and stuff. I think it was a genius idea for twitch because people love to spam and troll, and I'm sure there were a lot of toxic league players spamming in there as well. 
 I enjoyed this a lot, it was fun stuff watching a lot of this Goldeen the chosen one lol 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 Best ****ing song ever starts at 0:20 looping for two days now. omg 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
