http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120722-What-are-you-currently-Playing/page49
 What are you currently Playing? - Page 49
 Bravely Default off and on, mostly watching anime lately. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Started to play Skyrim again I forgot how big the world is also I might get mass effect trilogy. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by Zainox Bravely Default off and on, mostly watching anime lately. Exactly the same as me haha. I haven't had a lot of time to devote to video games. If I do have free time it is spent on watching anime. How do you like Bravely Default? I mostly do random encounters while watching anime... so my characters levels are way too high for where they are at. 
 
 Playing FF7: Crisis Core, a very sad ending *sob. 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Originally Posted by SinisterJam Playing FF7: Crisis Core, a very sad ending *sob. yes, yes...a beautiful game. maybe even too short for an RPG, but the music and everything else amazing 
 Mostly Dota with DKC Tropical Freeze and Bravely Default thrown in. 
 
 Smite and APB mostly. 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
 Been playing a bit of RenegadeX recently. I played a ton of Command and Conquer back in the day, I remember me and some buddies strategizing on the playground, and building little CnC units out of legos we were so batshit over it. Lots of nostalgic feelings from RenegadeX. The game as unique at the time because it was a more strategic shooter: 2 teams, 2 bases, each base holds a number of similar structures, the structures grant access to character classes, vehicles, and weapons. Destruction of certain structures would remove the buffs/character options, and vehicles they provided. Beyond that there was a basic economy in which players earned credits for team play, dealing damage, and if they protected their harvester they would receive bonus credits every time the harvester returned to base. This coupled with the superweapons of both factions (Nuclear Strike, and Ion Cannon) brought about an entirely new genre of team/class based shooter before games like battlefield1942 hit the scene. RenegadeX is a blast from the past. The game is free and can be found here: http://www.renegade-x.com/ 
 Last edited by ThisGuy; 02-27-2014 at 03:01 PM. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Castlevania Lords of Shadow - Ultimate Edition (PC) Civilization V - Gold Edition + Brave New World (PC) Fallout 3 GOTY (PC) Left 4 Dead(2) (PC) Persona 4 Golden (Vita) Shin Megami Tensei IV (3DS) Volgarr the Viking (PC) Those are the games I find myself switching between at least once every 2-3 days (for now), & will continue to do so until I 100% finish all of them (though P4G & FO3 GOTY & sucking up a majority of my time). In all honesty, I will be shelving most of the other games in order to have a FO3 GOTY session this weekend (to play a few quest mods I have heard pleasant things about, installed, yet never tried [CUBE Experimental, Orion's Gate, Quest for Heaven series, Manchester series, etc...]). 
 Baldur's Gate EE. Because I am very lonely without my consoles and a steady internet connection. So I have retreated back into the world of D&D. I am in the process of befriending some students with guitar hero. I hope for an invitation soon! 
Everything's fun for me. I see a peanut, the day's off to a good start. I witness some soil, it's a jamboree for Cain.
 sky rim just built my house by a nice lake and beat that dragon in Valhalla and im doing random quests now since i cant decide where to go from there but im killing loads o dragons so i can make some dragon Armour . 
 started two gems i didn't give the credit they deserve - Skyrim and Bioshock. Hopefully they'll keep me stuck to the screen longer than before 
 LA noir, after finishing grad finals and having a few weeks off. I decided to just try to finish LA noir and solve a few cases. Before grad school starts all over again! and I end up being jam pack with readings and HW. 
 back,after 8 years of not being in here. No!! I am not new to this site, LOL!. Been a member since 2001, I just went away and never came back....TILL! Today! 02/12/204
 Mar 20144 3ds pokemon y one piece romance dawn steam killing floor warhammer 40k dawn of war 2 ( please pm me any must play steam games) 360 battlefield 4 please please recommend anime-esk games 
 I'v been playing Persona 4 Golden on PS Vita lately ^-^ 
 Just finished Megaman 64 100% (all weapons, all upgrades, all ruins completely mapped out) and LoZ Majora's Mask (~98%. Need to collect 6 more heart containers to do everything in that game). Debating which game I should play next on the N64. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 On my PSVita I'm playing Blazblue: Continuum Shift Extend and Project Diva F PS4: Killzone: Shadowfall DS: Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Playstation Emulator: Final Fantasy 7 and Playstation 2: Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater and Final Fantasy 12. Oh and for MMORPGs I'm playing Forsaken World for anyone who wants to add me! My name is HeroofGalia! 
 xbox one call of duty: ghosts xbox 360 call of duty: black ops (i only play this for zombies, i'm in love with it) galaxy s3 clash of clans pc league of legends 
be. cause. you. don't. know us at all we laugh when old people fall. but what would you expect with a conscience so small?
 Originally Posted by supervillain xbox 360 call of duty: black ops (i only play this for zombies, i'm in love with it) About time somebody else here has the passion for murdering hordes of the undead. Do you have BO2, or do you stick with the original? 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 DARK SOULS 2 as people predicted I'm going to die ALOT it made many improvements especially the tutorial since there is an option to skip it 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Batman Arkham Origins on PC (Steam) 
What is a word made up of 4 letters, yet is also made up of 3. Sometimes is written with 9 letters, and then with 4. Rarely consists of 6, and never is written with 5.
 Donkey Kong Country Returns (3DS) and Assassin's Creed 3 (PS3). In just 9 days I will be playing Blazblue Chronophantasma. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I have been completely obsessing over Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn. Here is my character~ 
 My Anime List
 I'm a loser and I'm constantly playing either Pokemon X or Minecraft. 
 (PS3) - Mass Effect Trilogy, Fifa 14, GTA 5 
