http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151840-Cowboy-Bebop-vs-Ghost-in-the-Shell-Who-stands-out-as-the-winner
[Anime] Cowboy Bebop vs Ghost in the Shell: Who stands out as the winner
 We are talking about two of the greatest anime's of all time. I don't want reviews or grades but I want your personal opinion and it should be frank and unambiguous. You have to chose one and not allowed to juggle with both. Eager to hear from you. 
 Wow... that's one hell of a decision but I have to go with ghost in the shell cause the sci fi looks cooler than Cowboy bebop although Cowboy bebop have more action 
 Eh, neither qualifies as the greatest of all time and they're kind of difficult to compare. I don't think any anime series has surpassed FMA:B honestly. But yeah, Cowboy Bebop is an episodic western and GitS is a cyberpunk police drama, about the only similiarities are that they take place in the future. I guess I prefer CB between the two, it's a bit easier to just pick up and watch an episode without worrying about the rest of the show, whereas each season of GitS tends to cover an overarching plot, even if some individual episodes are stand alone stories. Also if you don't want discussion you probably shouldn't start a thread. While I appreciate that you have an incredibly specific goal in mind for your thread, you're just giving your opinion as to what you personally think are the two best series. And given how long it's been since both series were released and how many amazing series have come since then, it's kind of a shame you've limited your choices of best anime to two shows that were certainly good but are no longer at the top. 

 Cowboy Bebop for me. Even with fillers, watching it you feel like every episode (even those that deviate from the end goal) are absolutely necessary to help reveal character development. Next is the genre relevant plot twists. It has the right amount of action that for the most part doesn't drag on without an end in sight. And then there's the soundtrack and how every song fits. I engages me on another level. Ghost in the Shell has plot, but the singular goal drags on through every episode. You do see character and plot development but as Ian said, miss even one episode and you could be as confused as **** for the next one. It's a good series but Bebop does everything I like better for the most part. That and I have more fave episodes..... 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Eh, neither qualifies as the greatest of all time and they're kind of difficult to compare. I don't think any anime series has surpassed FMA:B honestly. But yeah, Cowboy Bebop is an episodic western and GitS is a cyberpunk police drama, about the only similiarities are that they take place in the future. I guess I prefer CB between the two, it's a bit easier to just pick up and watch an episode without worrying about the rest of the show, whereas each season of GitS tends to cover an overarching plot, even if some individual episodes are stand alone stories. Also if you don't want discussion you probably shouldn't start a thread. While I appreciate that you have an incredibly specific goal in mind for your thread, you're just giving your opinion as to what you personally think are the two best series. And given how long it's been since both series were released and how many amazing series have come since then, it's kind of a shame you've limited your choices of best anime to two shows that were certainly good but are no longer at the top. Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood was good, no doubt about it. It had stunning animation, a brilliant overarching storyline, and had great fights. Thing is, Cowboy Bebop has done that and more (you could argue that Cowboy Bebop technically did not have an overarching storyline, but I digress). Cowboy Bebop was just 26 episodes and managed to give me the feels. Plus, over the entire series, the animation didn't drop even once, while FMA: B had some sketchy spots. (Not talking about GitS because I haven't watched it.) So FMA: B was good, but CB is just as good. Btw, CB is my choice for this thread. If that show can stand toe to toe with FMA: B, than it pretty much blow some shows out of the water. But you have a point. There are a lot of great shows out there, and narrow focus is not the way to go. Lastly...OMG another FMA: B fan! I watched it all already on Youtube, but I want to re-watch it. But Youtube took it off. Where did you watch it? (I need it...otherwise I'll collapse from stress.) 
 this is my answer to this question 
Do you know what’s the difference between a king and his horse?… INSTINCT!!! Hollow Ichigo (Bleach) 
 Originally Posted by Hichigo shirosaki this is my answer to this question We shouldn't be forced to choose 

