http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158333-Memento-Mori-The-Circle
[OOC] Memento Mori: The Circle
 Memento Mori: The Circle Setting: October, mid 1990's Genre: Supernatural, Horror, Mystery, Metaworld Updates (9/29/14): IC is up! Still accepting characters. Also, Basic Rules and Info slightly updated. Character submissions are currently: OPEN Characters Originally Posted by Harlequinn Evelyn Snow - Sixx  Spoiler Age:19 Gender: Female Occupation (If any): Freelance Artist/Waitress Physical description/image: Evelyn has a thin dancer build and is about 5'5" in height. Her hair is jet black, styled short into a pixie cut (like so) and her skin-tone is a natural tan. She has brown eyes, and they are her most prominent feature. Appearance-wise, she is considered to be pretty, but her blunt attitude tends to draw more attention than her looks. Evelyn's choices of clothing are usually tomboyish but stylish outfits, such as graphic tee's, flannel shirts, jeans, and boots. Personality: Evelyn is primarily known by for her sassy, cut-to-the-chase attitude. She can also be a very pensive individual, often lost in her own thoughts. She dislikes opening up to people and discussing personal feelings, even with friends and family, because she has trust issues and sees it as a vulnerability. Despite her attitude, she cares a lot about the well-being of others, is a good listener, and helps when she can. As an artist, Evelyn is naturally creative and often likes to sketch to clear her mind and vent. She isn't an extreme optimist nor by any means braver than the average person, but she is friendly and posses a strong, fighting spirit. Character Bio/Reason for coming to Ophelia Village: Evelyn was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY. She had a difficult upbringing and life, which left her with various trust issues. From the ages of 6-12, her mother would often send her to Ophelia Village, in the care of her grandmother, but today those memories are a blur. At the age of 19, Evelyn had moved away from home, fell in with a bad crowd, and endured many hardships on her own. About six months later, her grandmother reached out to her and invited her to start her life anew on Fae Island. She recently started a new job as a waitress at The Black Goat Inn in Ophelia Village and sells her art at a small art shop nearby. Auron Gabriev - Kisuke  Spoiler Age: 27 Gender: Male Occupation (If any): Photographer/Food Delivery Guy Physical description/image: Slim, tan skinned, about 5'10" short spiky hair. Shinto gods tattoos on his back, scar on his left temple. Personality: Shy at first, then over-active/hyper when you get to know him. Kind of an airheaded genius of sorts who comes off as cloud cuckoolander-ish yet is serious when the situation requires it. Character Bio/Reason for coming to Ophelia Village: Struggling to find a job after graduation from college and aspiring to be a Nature photographer, Auron arrives in Fae Island to try and photograph its natural beauty. Upon hearing about the mystical creatures and spirits of Ophelia Village, he visits and ends up renting an apartment on top of a local bakery in exchange for making deliveries in his trusty Vespa. Every moment he has a day off he can be seen exploring the nearby areas with his camera in hopes of capturing one of these creatures on film. Noah Arogon - Kitsune  Spoiler Age: 32 Gender: Male Occupation: Mercenary/Adventurer Physical Description: Slightly taller then most people, medium-light build. Shaven brown hair with a light beard going down and also under his chin, also shaven. He usually wears a light brown trench coat with a white shirt underneath, with jeans, and has brown eyes. He carries a Swiss Army Knife in one pocket, usually, with a rather dirty, blank compass in another. Personality: Noah tends to be quite laid back and friendly to those around him. Regardless of situation, he usually stays lighthearted and casual, even in times to be taken more seriously. He is also very headstrong, however, and usually does things the way he thinks it ought to be done, sometimes resulting in more problems or mistakes. It is very difficult to sway his views on most things. Bio/Motive: Noah originally served as a soldier. Due to having the tendency of going on his own decisions and not exactly following orders quite to the letter, Noah never did rise very far. After a rather long term, Noah left his homeland- and job- in search of adventure. However, due to wandering and traveling a lot, he doesn't have much money, so he also works somewhat like a mercenary and does deeds and jobs for people to collect money as he roams. He traveled to Fae Island after hearing about the mystical legends around it, and hopes to find something of some interest in his trip there. Marco Bowen - Sebastion  Spoiler Age: 18 Gender: Male Occupation (If any): Student/Author Physical description/image: 5 ft 9, Short-ish black hair,(long on top, short down the back and sides), wears Victorian styled clothing, aka suede suits and jackets etc, Quite muscular. Personality: Calm, generally nice but can take things quite seriously at times. A little Mysterious and dark. Character Bio/Reason for coming to Ophelia Village: Marco used to come here as a kid, but his parents moved quite far away, Marco had some work related business here so he decided to move here due to all the childhood memories he had. Violet Vates - Dust2Dust  Spoiler age: 24 gender: female occupation: freelance journalist/ supernatural reporter physical description: violet stands at a height of about 5 feet and 7 inches, she is pale as if she has had little contact with the sun over her lifetime. She has long, dyed hair that is a very dark blue that almost appears black outside of direct light, coupled with her crystal blue eyes makes her difficult to mistake for another. Violet tends to dress simply, often in differing colours of the greyscale, ranging from white to black. personality: violet tends to be quiet and reserved on her own time, preferring her own company over others often appearing antisocial or lethargic. But all that changes when she's doing her job. As a reporter her usual personality wouldn't get anything done, so violet forces herself to be outspoken and extrovertive. character bio/ reason to come to Ophelia village: violet grew up in the English country, a simple upbringing. Her father a doctor, and her mother a journalist. Growing up violet never wanted to be either of those things, in fact violet wanted to be an author. But in the course of her life, violet found her dream of being an author to be just that, a dream, and ended up being swept into the world a journalism. An occupation as close to her dream as she could manage. as for her coming to Ophelia village, violet would occasionally get hired by a group of supernatural enthusiasts to investigate stories for them, whilst they were occupied with other events. Violet never really brought into the whole supernatural idea, but reported what they asked her to. Money was money after all. And that is how she ended up being sent to Ophelia. What she saw as basically a paid for vacation, was technically a job exploring the native superstitions. ___________ Welcome to the sleepy village of Ophelia, located on Fae Island. This rural tourist location is praised for its whimsical lore and culture, instilled by early settlers and still very much preserved within the village's very foundations and local superstitions. Ophelia Village was discovered by an English colonist named Francis Till in 1693, and named after his only daughter. According to local legend, it is said that he had seen the island of Fae in a dream and was then guided to its very location by inspiration from fairy-like creatures. Throughout the village, one can still find many statues and structures built in honor of these mythical beings and nature spirits. For your character's own reasons, he/she has been drawn to Ophelia Village. Once a good amount of characters are in, the basic plot will be revealed. As the RP progresses, I'm open to changes and suggestions from everyone. A little about Fae Island: Fae Island is primarily rural, surrounded by forestry and beaches. The Island is located on one of the many small outer-barrier islands south of Long Island, New York. Its current population is 291, which triples with incoming residents and tourists during the summer months. Fae island is accessible via a number of ferries that arrive and depart from the boardwalk area of Ophelia Village. Motor vehicles, however, are not permitted outside of residential areas, except for utility, construction and emergency access. Outside of Ophelia village's limits, there are rural neighborhoods, a lighthouse, large forest areas, and a few small beaches. Fae Island's chief industries are tourism, education, and scientific management. Basic Rules and Info: 1)General Forum Rules and Guidelines 2)Please respect other players and no flaming. If there is a disagreement or issue OOC, discuss it here civilly. 3)This RP will switch between real-world and meta-world, via (and only via) GM posts. Please keep this in mind, and have your characters respond/interact properly with the most relevant instance. 4)If you have specific concerns or ideas about the plot, that you do not wish to give away in the OOC thread, feel free to message me. 5)No god-modding, and please refrain from power-playing NPC's. I cannot stress this enough. Remember, your character is human and he/she is not invulnerable. Also, please do not control the characters of other players, unless you ask the other person's permission. 6)If you join, please be reasonably active. If something comes up that prevents you from posting for a long while, let me know. We'll figure something out, story-wise, and can work around it until you return. 7)No super powers, or anything of the such. At least for now. 8 ) For Combat - Please see "How to Fight" (here), if you are new to RPing or need to brush up on how to role-play fight scenes. 9 ) Have fun, and let the creativity flow! I look forward to seeing how characters develop. Also, feel free to ask questions. Character Sheet: All player characters are modern-day human beings in the mid 1990's. Please keep that in mind. There will be one main character per player, for now. If this goes very smoothly, I'll raise the limit to two later on. Name: Age: Gender: Occupation (If any): Physical description/image: Personality: Character Bio/Reason for coming to Ophelia Village: 
 Last edited by Sixx; 10-03-2014 at 04:56 AM. 

