http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150572-Nagi-no-Asu-Kara/page4
[Drama] Nagi no Asu Kara - Page 4
 Kaname is the only one in the group who has the balls to actually say what he feels when he needs to, I give him props for that. The ending was really good for this episode, but Manaka needs to make up her goddamn mind, even though she sort of did but we still don't know her answer. 
 Wow, episode 10 just wow 

 Wow that ending. I really dislike Manaka, like I am still mad about what happened in episode 9. But that Ending...mmm 

 Episode 11:  Spoiler Kaname "sorry for causing a stir I just confessed my feelings to your daughter" what a badass 

 Originally Posted by Jinta Episode 11:  Spoiler Kaname "sorry for causing a stir I just confessed my feelings to your daughter" what a badass Her parents were like "Uh...wtf just happened?" lol 

 Episode 12: Wow dem feels.  Spoiler Manaka will cry all 26 episodes 

 Originally Posted by Jinta Episode 12: Wow dem feels.  Spoiler Manaka will cry all 26 episodes Hahaha She just might. As I'm watching they went into that thrift store and the Store Clerk gave them the Kimono, I thought to myself "That's Mamiko Noto" Checked ANN and there she was...I know my Mamiko XD lol 

 lol, I knew this was going to happen again as soon as I saw him take the net... Anybody else think that it will be Manaka who ends up diving down to plead with the Sea God on behalf of the surface people, rather than Akira? 
 Last edited by Ned; 12-21-2013 at 09:06 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Oh, why did I have to be right? T_T I knew as soon as they started playing the piano music this episode that I would be bawling my eyes out. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 What the hell is seriously going on here? Chisaki and Tsumugu? I felt so damn bad for Kaname in that last part, she just treated him like complete sh*t and didn't even bother to go after him. She better make up for that soon or she is the biggest douche in the series thus far, I hope Kaname is okay though. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi What the hell is seriously going on here? Chisaki and Tsumugu? I felt so damn bad for Kaname in that last part, she just treated him like complete sh*t and didn't even bother to go after him. She better make up for that soon or she is the biggest douche in the series thus far, I hope Kaname is okay though. I'd have to disagree and say right now Kaname is being the biggest douche so far, he brought up the topic of Hikari liking Manaka just to stir the pot and Chisaki called him out on it. The Love triangle is so ridiculous it's not even funny. Tsumugu almost drowned why she was hugging him though is beyond me, maybe she was just trying to bring him back to life or something I dont know. But she obviously lost it when that pillar fell on Kaname. You can definitely see Hikari maturing over these last 13 episodes. I thought that episode 13 was the best episode so far, the Ofunheki was intense and the music was awesome. Unfortunatly we have to wait two weeks for episode 14. 

 Also did anyone else notice the sea god pretty much B***h slapped Hikari? XD 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Also did anyone else notice the sea god pretty much B***h slapped Hikari? XD Yup. The Sea God was like, "Don't you touch my wife, *****!" 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I'd have to disagree and say right now Kaname is being the biggest douche so far, he brought up the topic of Hikari liking Manaka just to stir the pot and Chisaki called him out on it. The Love triangle is so ridiculous it's not even funny. Tsumugu almost drowned why she was hugging him though is beyond me, maybe she was just trying to bring him back to life or something I dont know. But she obviously lost it when that pillar fell on Kaname. You can definitely see Hikari maturing over these last 13 episodes. I thought that episode 13 was the best episode so far, the Ofunheki was intense and the music was awesome. Unfortunatly we have to wait two weeks for episode 14. I admit what Kaname did was indeed wrong but he isn't being a douche in the slightest, he had to endure more then anyone in the group because he knew the girl he liked loved someone else. The fact that Chisaki hugged Tsugumu in that last episode just shows she might have feelings for him which would be extremely messed up. Not only was she hugging on to him but she didn't once stop to help Kaname get back onto the boat even though he helped her get out of that situation with Tsumugu alive. Kaname deserves more credit then you're giving him, and at this point Chisaki is just playing the hugest douche ever. 
 ep 13: **** just got real...or should i say, "ship" just got real? )d0sD)Sd0sidoakjod huehuehue c wut i did thurr anyway really good episode...so much happened and I really wonder how the rest of the show is going to be played out. Hopefully Kaname's going to be alright, and it seems like Manaka's finally made her decision? Looking forward to ep 14. 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 This might be a description of the love thing thats going on This is for people who have watched the series up till ep.13  Spoiler Hikari likes Manaka Manaka had/has feelings for Tsumugu and might have feelings for Hikari Chisaki might have feelings for Kaname and/or Tsumugu and definitely had feelings for Hikari Kaname has feelings for Chisaki Tsumugu most likely liked Manaka and might like Chisaki Reasons: Hikari wants to protect Manaka (something like that anyway Manaka was brought up on a fishing boat by Tsumugu, complimented on her fish curse, and saved by him; Hikari has protected her and hugged her as well as talked with her about it Chisaki has liked Hikari for a while; Kaname confessed his feelings and she went to save him when he fell off the boat; Tsumugu was her "sea slug" about Hikari and she went to save him and held his head in her lap with a tender expression plus he said he liked her for how she was Kaname confessed to Chisaki and helped her to save Tsumugu, when he saw he holding Tsumugu's head in her lap he fell with a slightly pained expression like "Well I tried" Tsumugu saved Manaka and said her fish curse was cool/pretty (something like that), brought up the topic about her liking Hikari and him liking Chisaki for how she was. So if anyone was confused there are the reasons and how it is I dont blame you its pretty confusing 
"Or maybe Daud was really Corvo and Corvo was really Jessamine, and the Jessamine Daud killed was really Hiram Burrows, and then Hiram Burrows was Delilah." - Random Person, Dishonored Wiki "So throw away those useless emotions, I'll show you how to use everything and everyone available."- Xerxes Break, 
 I really didnt expect what happened at the Ofunehiki to happen i mean the series went from romance thing to suddenly whirlpools and pillars falling WTF 
"Or maybe Daud was really Corvo and Corvo was really Jessamine, and the Jessamine Daud killed was really Hiram Burrows, and then Hiram Burrows was Delilah." - Random Person, Dishonored Wiki "So throw away those useless emotions, I'll show you how to use everything and everyone available."- Xerxes Break, 
 So it was basically cleared up that Chisaki has no feelings for Tsumugu, and that he's more like family to her due to the circumstances they had to face. That was a sigh of relief for me. Still wondering where Kaname is but the timeskip adds a good twist to the show imo.  Spoiler The ending seemed perfect to me. Loved the fact that Hikari is back, I'm sure Chisaki will be surprised. Can't wait for the rest of these episodes to unfold, there is much more to come. 
 I didn't read anything about the new episode, but two minutes in and I have to share this...wow that is one HELL of a time leap! 

 Okay so the love triangles get more crazy and Hikari is still a 16 year old...I really do not know how I feel right now. A little bit of anger, excitement, hatred, shock, etc. 

 Episode 14: Am I the only one who got a little teary eyed? 

 Originally Posted by jinta episode 14: Am i the only one who got a little teary eyed? heck no!!! 

 Anyone else notice that it seems Miuna likes Hikari now? 
"Or maybe Daud was really Corvo and Corvo was really Jessamine, and the Jessamine Daud killed was really Hiram Burrows, and then Hiram Burrows was Delilah." - Random Person, Dishonored Wiki "So throw away those useless emotions, I'll show you how to use everything and everyone available."- Xerxes Break, 
 also....they were freaking 16 in the beginning!?!?! they seemed a bit...short 
 Last edited by OldEndermine; 01-16-2014 at 05:01 PM. 
"Or maybe Daud was really Corvo and Corvo was really Jessamine, and the Jessamine Daud killed was really Hiram Burrows, and then Hiram Burrows was Delilah." - Random Person, Dishonored Wiki "So throw away those useless emotions, I'll show you how to use everything and everyone available."- Xerxes Break, 
 Episode 15: Some one started cutting onions while i was watching this. 

