http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page2
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 2
 Idk how I feel about this one, not to fond on the animation and I didn't really give Gurren Lagann any time of day so I have nothing to compare it to but I'll give it a few more episodes. I just really think this anime is too over hyped for it's own good, and I need to see more out of the story for it to really sell me. 
 Originally Posted by CruelAngelsFeces Gurren lagann chills all over again. isn't it great 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 Checked out the first episode just now and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. Back when I first saw the trailer I thought mehhhh, but no. This was just amazing and put a smile on my face multiple times. I'm looking forward how the rest of this will turn out, but I can say that it's a keeper. 
 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Anime of the year here, no question. 90s Gainax has returned to us in the form of Studio Trigger to save anime. extactly what i start but what made me laugh is apparently no one really gives **** that people died naked. 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 Anyone know when they release, Like the scheduled days? I loved the first episode omfg <3 

 watched the first episode and i just dont understand why everyone likes this show. is it the boobs? i thought the fighting was stupid. i dont think i will keep up with this one. it wasnt for me 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 watched the first episode and i just dont understand why everyone likes this show. is it the boobs? i thought the fighting was stupid. i dont think i will keep up with this one. it wasnt for me Nah the boobs are the only thing I don't like really, it'd be perfect without the director lampshading fanservice. It's easily the best cinematic and direction out of anything this season and while the animation style may not be to everyones liking it looks damn gorgeous. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Nah the boobs are the only thing I don't like really, it'd be perfect without the director lampshading fanservice. It's easily the best cinematic and direction out of anything this season and while the animation style may not be to everyones liking it looks damn gorgeous. Agreed. That outfit was unecessary. This isn't a shitty ecchi fanservice-y show that needs boobs to carry itself through the season. Hopefully it changes, as that was the only gripe I had with the show. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here Agreed. That outfit was unecessary. This isn't a shitty ecchi fanservice-y show that needs boobs to carry itself through the season. Hopefully it changes, as that was the only gripe I had with the show. It felt like seeing Yoko again for the first time in GL. I just laughed it off when I saw the outfit of Ryuko. It just felt weird. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Boobs are probably not going to change but it may surprise us. I went into it not knowing what to expect and I enjoyed it up into that part of it. Decided to ignore it for the time being as I really liked the animation and the plot so far. 
 I'm like a hunter of peace. One who chases the elusive mayfly of love... or something like that. - Vash the Stampede 
 Well a lot of the promo material shows her in a much more normal looking school uniform, and she "absorbed" the thread from that other Gaku Uniform when she defeated it, so I'm thinking either it'll only be a "battle transformation" kinda occurrence or simply be phased out as the series advances and she beats more people. 

 My brain stopped working when I saw her outfit /facelaptop 
 
 Well I guess I see why everyone was gushing about it, because I watched it and loved it. The story is cliched and the uniform is ridiculous but things never stopped moving and the animation actually seemed pretty superb to me. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Well a lot of the promo material shows her in a much more normal looking school uniform, and she "absorbed" the thread from that other Gaku Uniform when she defeated it, so I'm thinking either it'll only be a "battle transformation" kinda occurrence or simply be phased out as the series advances and she beats more people. What I was thinking as the promotion art (I guess) has it looking like a sailor suit, same as when it jumped out of the pile. Doubt they'd just have her walking around like that, though it didn't really bother me it did feel kinda fanservice-y 
 Nice to see an action anime with some actual f*cking energy again. I watched the first episode with my mate and he cringed when Ryuko ate the lemon straight, so to prove a point I ate one whole. It was... chewy. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 New episode owned! The opening owns! The ending owns! God I love this show. 

 Man this main character goes nude a lot 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Yeah at least the fanservice is lampshading even if it is a bit gratuitous at times, but for real the rest of it is just so damn funny.  Spoiler 

 I cannot watch this show. The story line is alright but the animation is down right awful. I can deal with a bad storyline, but this animation is way to stiff. I feel like they try to hard to be like FLCL and Gurren Lagann and quite frankly its annoying. I gave it two episodes because they did the fights and the tennis match well, but im dropping this. 

 It's drawn by the same people who made FLCL and TTGL, Studio Trigger are basically Gainax ex-pats. I have no idea what you watched if you think the animation looks "stiff" because we must not have downloaded the same thing. 

 Just because they are drawn by the people do they have to have the same antics? The one female character is literally flipping when she goes side to side. Shes looking one way and she keeps the same pose and it looks like she just flips to the opposite side. It's just like panty and stocking too, so many ridiculous "faces" and bad animation. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Just because they are drawn by the people do they have to have the same antics? The one female character is literally flipping when she goes side to side. Shes looking one way and she keeps the same pose and it looks like she just flips to the opposite side. It's just like panty and stocking too, so many ridiculous "faces" and bad animation. It's "artistic". The way I see it, that's their creative choice. It's not like they couldn't do better - they willingly chose that style for artistic expression. At the same time, it's not a style which I particularly like either. I totally understand where you're coming from, and I don't even know yet if I'm going to follow this series myself. There are things I like about it which makes me want to keep seeing what happens, but overall I think it's over-hyped. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Yeah I thought the way they animated Mako when she was getting ready for school was an amusing choice. The ridiculous faces are intentional and again, I don't see the "bad" animations you're suggestion; maybe you could pause it and give me some times within the episode that you think are bad? I mean for sure it's a TV anime, so there's going to be an occasional in between frame that isn't perfect, but the animation is incredibly smooth. I can see how it wouldn't appeal to everyone, but given how much they're borrowing from/inspired by 70s anime (Cutie Honey, Mazinger Z, literally anything by Go Nagai) I appreciate those kinds of touches. I don't really think it's fair to call it bad simply because it doesn't appeal to you when there's obviously a ton of effort being put into the show to get a specific effect. It reminds me of that early episode of TTGL where they had a guest director who went for a different art style and got a ton of flack from the fans who thought it looked "bad" when it simply didn't appeal to their expectations. And I think that's fine, when it comes to art people's tastes are going to vary pretty wildly. But this isn't like say, an episode of Naruto or Bleach where you simply have some really horrific in between frames every couple of seconds that have poorly or incorrectly drawn characters due to a lack of effort and attention. There's a stylistic choice at work here that was very intentional. Also, I'm perfectly fine with people critiquing the show for the things that don't appeal to them and discussing that. For example I wish there was less of the blatant fan service even if it is in line with their usual amount. Expressing that the style doesn't appeal is also perfectly fine, there's been some shows I couldn't get into due to the stylistic choices or artists involved. I just want more than "it's animated badly" is all, so I do appreciate people putting effort into their responses. 

 This one is definitely not for me, not really digging the whole story concept and the 70s anime scene. Never thought I'd drop an anime on the second episode but there's always a first for everything I guess. 
 I dont like the animation personally. Am I hating on the people who made it? Absolutely not, I loved FLCL and I thought TTGL was great until episode 8. It is more along the lines of the animation is too two dimensional for my taste. Or if you would, it's like I am watching an Anime that is like Paper Mario. A Flat character who has background objects behind them. The outlines for them are black which gives the feel of being more two dimensional. Some people don't have a problem with that, I myself do. As for considering something bad or good its all based around your opinions. If I saw something I liked and someone asked me what they should watch I would tell them "Well I like this this and this, so maybe check them out" And if someone asked me about Kill La Kill I would say "Well it wasn't for me, but you should give it a shot." That's what I did with this I gave it a shot and like I said before the story I can get behind, I just have a problem with the animation. 

