http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159913-So-angel-beats-is-f*-ing-depressing-(3-episodes-in)
 So angel beats is f*@#ing depressing (3 episodes in)
 I thought it was supposed to be a comedy and 3 episodes in I'm super depressed like the whole  Spoiler Situation with that singer girl had me tearing up does it ever get "Happy" or is it just a continuous cycle of depression? 
 Last edited by Erza Knightwalker; 02-04-2015 at 12:05 AM. 

 Originally Posted by Erza Knightwalker I thought it was supposed to be a comedy and 3 episodes in I'm super depressed like the whole  Spoiler Situation with that singer girl had me tearing up does it ever get "Happy" or is it just a continuous cycle of depression? Well, its not an actual comedy i think, it does stay depressing yeah XD 
 Keep going till the end...... ))); 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by jugger Keep going till the end...... ))); Yes!!!!! Its worth the journey. Besides you can't go wrong with girls and guns 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Yes!!!!! Its worth the journey. Besides you can't go wrong with girls and guns Honestly is that all you think about? 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 But yeah it gets better but untill you get there it hits hard 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Honestly is that all you think about? No! I have gotten into ROM coms a lot more later. And regular ROM like your lie in April. Originally Posted by wesleyv1 But yeah it gets better but untill you get there it hits hard Definitely. Stick with it 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 It gets funny in the middle then goes back to being depressing. 

 It has a happy ending. The moral of the anime is fulfillment and letting go, which is achieved at the end for all characters, so anyone that thinks it has a sad ending is missing the point (regardless of whether it made them feel happy or not). 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Angel Beats is one of my all time favourites. Its sad but that's probably the reason I enjoyed it. Wouldn't you prefer to be moved by a story then just have it fly by before you watch something else? 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Sakiya Rumei It has a happy ending. The moral of the anime is fulfillment and letting go, which is achieved at the end for all characters, so anyone that thinks it has a sad ending is missing the point (regardless of whether it made them feel happy or not). Yea its a satisfying ending. Can't have it end in any other way. It's also a very touching one. The impact hit squarely in my face 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 So just finished watching it and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was very emotional especially the end of episode 10 and episode 13, I haven't felt that emotional watching something since Marley and me. It's probably one of my favorite shows now. The only issue I had with it is if the main character  Spoiler gave his heart after he died how did Angel get it even though she was already dead like did he die long before he was reborn in the world? And did the fact the angel had his heart bring him into that world 

 Originally Posted by Erza Knightwalker So just finished watching it and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was very emotional especially the end of episode 10 and episode 13, I haven't felt that emotional watching something since Marley and me. It's probably one of my favorite shows now. The only issue I had with it is if the main character  Spoiler gave his heart after he died how did Angel get it even though she was already dead like did he die long before he was reborn in the world? And did the fact the angel had his heart bring him into that world It is the afterlife. If you really want to expand on it, it is probably because time passes by differently for each person--or lack thereof. Furthermore, a person may wander around for a while before finding that place. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 It's kinda complicated but from what i understand when he died his heart was given to her and then she died and become angel. While this was going on his soul got lost somehow and he lost his memory. Which is why he doesn't remember anything when he wakes up and also explains how she got there before he did 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Erza Knightwalker So just finished watching it and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was very emotional especially the end of episode 10 and episode 13, I haven't felt that emotional watching something since Marley and me. It's probably one of my favorite shows now. The only issue I had with it is if the main character  Spoiler gave his heart after he died how did Angel get it even though she was already dead like did he die long before he was reborn in the world? And did the fact the angel had his heart bring him into that world That was my confusion also. Other than that it was a very good show. Sakiya and Wesley seemed to cover the best explanations. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by jugger Yea its a satisfying ending. Can't have it end in any other way. It's also a very touching one. The impact hit squarely in my face The ending just raised so many more questions for me. 

 And then there's the alternate ending. Oops I'm sorry did i just blow your mind 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by ivoheron The ending just raised so many more questions for me. I tend to like it when I have to ask questions, makes the anime even more enthralling. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 I'd call the ending more bittersweet than anything. It was very sentimental, and left me feeling, more than anything, fulfilled. I watched a year ago so I don't remember all of the details, but the ending did feel a bit rushed. 
