http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 2/12/2015 Thursday Update of Approbation Roleplay activity has been decent, I thank all the players for their continued involvement. Let's check out the TecFas District and Glam District, to see what's up over there: Isaiah and Ash are at the climax of their heist. Their evac is on the way, but defending against the Varrion paramilitary and trying to break into the vaults is quite the hard task. Meanwhile, the full military force at Varrion corporation HQ have been mobilized. Helicopters are on the way, and carnage is soon on the way...one wonders if this heist will be flawless. In the Glam District, Luminary had shut down a slave-house run by the Mafia. The underground slave auction business is still going on within the district. New characters such as Emily have arrived into the plot, carrying a burdensome and powerful power that the immature girl has not mastered. Another notable young one is Von, who holds a shrouded past. Makila and Charles are forging a friendship, but it appears that this will be the calm before the storm for the dynamic duo. The paranormal situation within the district is still apparent, and the Mafia is now increasing their daylight operations. Also, a dark shape beneath the seawater of the beaches is approaching the coast. I suggest making some NPCs or minor characters, because the Yvory Tower and almost all of the Glam District is about to get cray-cray. The secrets of Varrion and the Mafia are still held under lock and key, but certain individuals will appear soon to divulge information not fit for the public. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
