http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159700-Durarara!!×2/page3
[Action] Durarara!!×2 - Page 3
 Masaomi is living with his chick now. I like how he warns Mikado to not go out on the weekends, just because of "Intuition" yeah right he knows something is going on (Which we as the views obviously know) Shinra saw Celtys head when he was a child, thats why Seiji's girlfriend has Celtys face. Shizuo is so cool he took that punch like a champ, but the leader of this new gang is no chump. It's hard to say who is actually a bad person and who is actually a good person. I'm really digging whats going on. Celty being "beheaded" you could see the string wrapped around her neck, but blonde had to be hired by someone...she just doesn't know what she got herself into though. Now we have little girls trying to Kill Shizuo, and new Russian guys, and also we never saw Simon fight but we know from season one stories that he is super strong. Really hoping he plays a bigger role later on/ 

 Seiji's stalker knew that Seiji had also been obsessed with Celty's head/face when he was younger. That's why she wanted the plastic surgery, to appeal more to Seiji. I believe Shinra only saw Celty in her Dullahan form when he was younger, he didn't ever see her face, right? 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Seiji's stalker knew that Seiji had also been obsessed with Celty's head/face when he was younger. That's why she wanted the plastic surgery, to appeal more to Seiji. I believe Shinra only saw Celty in her Dullahan form when he was younger, he didn't ever see her face, right? She didn't knew about the head. Seiji's sister Namie saved her and gave her a new face in return. I don't remember if she had a choice in the matter... Shinra knew about the head and where it was kept but didn't tell Celty because he thinks if she gets her head back she won't be The Celty he knows and he fears he will lose her. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 That is so damn romantic. Still, keeping things from the bae...ruh roh. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 It's not Romantic at all, Seiji smashed her head in which is why she needed a new face, and Shinra modeled it after Celty's head. Seiji is garbage, and I am glad he doesnt play a Major role this Season. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai It's not Romantic at all, Seiji smashed her head in which is why she needed a new face, and Shinra modeled it after Celty's head. Seiji is garbage, and I am glad he doesnt play a Major role this Season. I was talking about Shinra caring so much for Celty that he also keeps secrets from her, which is a twisted type of romance. Dude I've emphasized how much I believe Seiji is a complete tool on page two of this thread, the guy is trash! Another thing we can agree on x) 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name I was talking about Shinra caring so much for Celty that he also keeps secrets from her, which is a twisted type of romance. Dude I've emphasized how much I believe Seiji is a complete tool on page two of this thread, the guy is trash! Another thing we can agree on x) Haha okay my bad on that one. Yeah Shinra def keeps his work and personal life separated from each other. However they're love is legit and if...IF Celty ever retrieves her head...I am curious what the outcome will be. 

 YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSS SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! that is all 
 Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssss 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Doogle! I love it For some reason I remembered the first or second season one episode when mikado got his computer. He put Linux on it. I wonder if that's still a Linux computer...... Anyway the physcho little girl now has a back story. And what an interesting ending. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Gotta figure its  Spoiler blonde bike chick breaking into Anri's house. I mean they mentioned another job of torturing a girl while trying to kidnap the girl that's at Shinra's currently. Damn man these killers need to do some research though. You're going to try to decapitate Celty...clever, now you're going after Anri who has Saika and pretty much has a mind of its own haha. There's a storm brewing with the Dollars, but we knew about that, I am curious who  Spoiler the burglar was on the top floor of the 60th building, I doubt they'll go back to it but hell who knows. It sucks this season is in three parts, they better not leave this on a cliff hanger. 

