http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159518-What-do-you-feel-when-your-mind-literally-gets-sucked-into-a-game-s-world
 What do you feel when your mind literally gets sucked into a game's world?
 I feel totally relaxed and completely at home, but still remember to leave one and a half more hours than my usual playtime. So has this happened to anybody else before? Older or younger? 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
 Like any immersion the world disappears. I get totally absorbed into it. Its bad when I start yelling at the game but that doesn't happen too often (unless I'm on a particularly difficult mission or level). I can get the same immersion watching a movie or reading a good book. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Probably nothing, as the organ responsible for creating feelings has just been literally removed from your skull. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 It happened once while I was playing Alien Isolation. It was ****ing terrifying . 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 I felt like I was inside the game alongside the characters experiencing all they were. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Probably nothing, as the organ responsible for creating feelings has just been literally removed from your skull. hahahahaha The level of immersion might increase with stuff like virtual reality headset but they in need of some improvements and its already pretty good with the newest model at a cheaper price. Mentally speaking, it's not necessary and the level of immersion depends on the player. I personally haven't felt a great immersion in games since I was a kid and usually only happens with atmospheric, moody, story-based games. 
 Was pretty into STALKER back when Shadow of Chernobyl came out. I think it was the first game I actually felt like I was roleplaying, completely sucked into the world. I definitely would not it a comfy feeling, the atmosphere is dark, the story twisted, the AI brutal. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 I know school work is lost when these things happen Grand Theft Auto Vice City almost did such 
 The first time I played Shadow of the Colossus I got completely sucked in. The visuals were so amazing and the music was so epic that I couldn't put the remote down. 
 Originally Posted by Joe_ The first time I played Shadow of the Colossus I got completely sucked in. That is one awesome game! To me...Pokemon. These friggin' little creatures are the best. 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
 I feel sick when I play a game for too long. It only usually happens with pokemon or some others. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Actually, I found how immersion works: an imbalance in the brain. Even if you aren't consciously hyper active, the fact is we think too much. Why is that? Because we never considered "tapping" our way to restful bodies. The solution is easy as pie: "Tapping" is essentially the best warmup ever. It even makes doing this a priority over boring stretching. If you're planning on binging on a game and getting yourself immersed, then don't exercise (for those that don't have hyperactive thinking). Exercise leads to reduction in self consciousness because you become conscious of your hands the moment you warm up into them. Just as some people have to listen extremely loud music to enjoy their day. If you get tired from a game and still want to do something, here's the solution: Tap your fingers and toes and speak whatever comes to mind first with your mouth slowly, then increase if you naturally want it and you will find it natural to speak good language. You'll eventually get used to using your mouth, and then you'll feel better because you're not second thinking your actions because your body is now in perfect harmony. Whenever I feel bored of a game, it's because I've too much energy in my head. And also, if you think too much, pictures become boring and words become fun. For the perfect immersion, you should balance yourself in both the primitive and neocortex, our thinker. Thinking-->Story Reading Tapping and exercise-->Looking at pictures without second thought. A lot of people have this imbalance that equals being uncomfortable. And a lot of people do so much thinking in the day that, when they look at computer screens, they don't consider "forcing yourself to exercise" will actually cause blockage in your veins because they can't accept anymore. Think of it as a computer. A computer needs to start up, so you need start up as well. Makes me think why I'm so smart compared to my parents: too much energy blockage. 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
 Originally Posted by Struggler Probably nothing, as the organ responsible for creating feelings has just been literally removed from your skull. Thank you. 
