http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158306-The-Benefits-of-Warm-Lemon-Juice
 The Benefits of Warm Lemon Juice.
 The Benefits of Warm Lemon Juice. So recently I was browsing the internet for fruits that are beneficial towards your health, mainly because I'm interested in the properties of what some foods can actually do for your body and so on. Due to this I stumbled across an interesting article which surprised me to some extent, it's about drinking freshly squeezed Lemon juice every morning. I learned that it can benefit people who not only want to shed a couple of pounds but also want to overall live a healthier lifestyle! So what benefits does it have? 1) Aids in Weight Loss: Lemons are high in pectin fiber, which helps fight hunger cravings. Studies have shown people who maintain a more alkaline diet, do in fact lose weight faster. 2) Clears Skin: The vitamin C component as well as other antioxidants lemons contain help decrease wrinkles and blemishes and it helps to combat free radical damage. Vitamin C is vital for healthy glowing skin while its alkaline nature kills some types of bacteria known to cause acne. It can actually be applied directly to scars or age spots to help reduce their appearance. 3) Freshens Breath: Besides fresher breath, lemons have been known to help relieve tooth pain and gingivitis. Be aware that citric acid can erode tooth enamel, so you should be mindful of this. 6) Energizes You and Enhances Your Mood: The energy a human receives from food comes from the atoms and molecules in your food. A reaction occurs when the positive charged ions from food enter the digestive tract and interact with the negative charged enzymes. Lemon is one of the few foods that contain more negative charged ions, providing your body with more energy. Interesting stuff right? These 6 benefits are only a few of many others which can help to keep you healthy, I recommend you drink this in the morning before you eat your breakfast. Oh and make sure your drink isn't scalding hot, it should be lukewarm. Avoid cold water as that requires greater energy to process the lemon! So A4 do you, or have you ever drunk Warm Lemon Juice in the morning? If so lets us know if it has benefited you in anyway and if so, do you recommend it with anything else? 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
