http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?122296-Whats-everyone-s-saddest-anime
[Anime] Whats everyone's saddest anime?
 My saddest was Angel Beats! Whats yours? =o 
 
 Angel Beats! But I think we have a thread similar to this. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 OHh yours is to? xD Angel Beats! Is Funny and Sad thats why I love it =P 
 
 While not necessarily a sad series, Toradora has my vote. Behind the curtain they're all suffering and sacrificing their own wishes for the sake of others. That series made me shed a tear in more than a few episodes.  Spoiler The only thing is that the sad stuff doesn't come until after 14, and the drama really starts to roll out during and after the Christmas episodes. I think the reason I believe it's so sad is because I can relate to it, empathy amplifies emotions. 

 Yeah Toradora! Is a sad one to =P 
 
 Well yeah Toradora is one really sad anime.My other choice would be Nana. 
 OO nice pick Lots of Toradora! =P 
 
 Clannad ~After Story~ hands down. I mean, there is no contest in this category after Clannad ~AS~ is mentioned... 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 So much moe in here! This will not do. You want true depression? You watch these:"Barefoot Gen" - It's about a kid in Hiroshima during World War II. You're probably already more sad knowing that then you ever were while watching "Angel Beats"."Grave of the Fireflies" - Also about kids in Japan during World War II. It was not a fun time to be Japanese. And while not laced with sadness these titles will get you good at least once:"Mushi-shi" - While there's plenty of uplifting tales to be had here there are also terrible tragedies. Impressive for an episodic anime."Code Geass" - Should go without saying around here. Our intrepid anti-hero of sorts takes as many hits as he delivers to his enemies."Eureka Seven" - A great coming-of-age adventure series that has a real romance sub-plot and does not shy away from the horrors of war."Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood" - While the first series was built on a foundation of tragedy and can be quite a downer overall "Brotherhood's" strength lies in that it can also be incredibly uplifting. When it hits it hits you hard. Thus concludes another exhaustive list that no one will read! 

 Now and Then, Here and There. It's an anime with a plot that looks like it was fashioned after the Ruwanda genocide. Child soldiers, burned homes, power-hungry madmen, etc. but I mainly mention it for the story surrounding the character sara ringwalt. The following happens to her during the series, and it's downright awful  Spoiler 1. She's mistakenly kidnapped because she resembles someone else 2. She's raped repeatedly by the soldiers of the army who kidnap her. 3. When she finally escapes, she learns she's pregnant. All of this results in a suicide attempt towards that's thwarted by the main character Shu. There's also a visual image of Sara in the middle of the series that I think is one of the most striking I've ever seen in anime. It's one of the few times I've really felt in awe while watching an anime. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Clannad and Kanon. I used to think Angel Beats! was up there in the same category, but not any more. I think it was just because I watched it right after Clannad and Kanon for the first time, so I was just kind of in that mood...It's still great though, and the ending is great. 
 
 Clannad ~After Story~ hands down. I mean, there is no contest in this category after Clannad ~AS~ is mentioned... I think everyone here by now should know of the Key triumvirate of Air, Kanon, and Clannad. They're all good and pretty sad. If you haven't seem them all, definitely watch the other two. They're really similar and reuse a lot of the same ideas and some themes. I recently rewatched Air and have to say, I think I didn't give it enough credit in the first go around. The plot and the symbolism within the story are terrific. It still fails to execute in glaring ways in a couple places though. Especially at very the end with the beach and the sea wall and the crow. If there was ever a violation of the "show don't tell" policy, that was it. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 You may think I'm crazy but I say Elfen Lied was really sad... 
 Remember my name! ブライアン 
 OO nice choices! =D 
 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai So much moe in here! This will not do. You want true depression? You watch these: "Barefoot Gen" - It's about a kid in Hiroshima during World War II. You're probably already more sad knowing that then you ever were while watching "Angel Beats"."Grave of the Fireflies" - Also about kids in Japan during World War II. It was not a fun time to be Japanese.And while not laced with sadness these titles will get you good at least once: "Mushi-shi" - While there's plenty of uplifting tales to be had here there are also terrible tragedies. Impressive for an episodic anime."Code Geass" - Should go without saying around here. Our intrepid anti-hero of sorts takes as many hits as he delivers to his enemies."Eureka Seven" - A great coming-of-age adventure series that has a real romance sub-plot and does not shy away from the horrors of war."Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood" - While the first series was built on a foundation of tragedy and can be quite a downer overall "Brotherhood's" strength lies in that it can also be incredibly uplifting. When it hits it hits you hard.Thus concludes another exhaustive list that no one will read! Come on KT, Grave of the Fireflies is just TOO depressing, we don't want any suicidal feelings in the thread . OT: I agree with KT, both Grave of the Fireflies and Barefoot Gen are very depressing. I also agree with whoever said Elfin Lied, but that was just a couple of sad episodes  Spoiler mainly the dog one . 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 my saddest anime is death note... its not fair how L died! light cheated! nd its sad how he lost to a little kid. also full metal alchemist brother hood was sad 2 i agree with kt sam!! how ed lost his powers nd mustang was blinded against his own will 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 08-14-2011 at 11:00 AM. Reason: Please don't double post. Thanks 
 Please read the FAQ for Signature Rules - AoX
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai "Grave of the Fireflies" - Also about kids in Japan during World War II. It was not a fun time to be Japanese. I skipped this one because I thought we were just talking about shows, but THIS is the most depressing anime I have ever seen. 

 Originally Posted by Tenken Now and Then, Here and There. THAT anime. The art style and the story don't seem to go together but after it's seen, you can't see it any other way. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai So much moe in here! This will not do. You want true depression? You watch these: "Barefoot Gen" - It's about a kid in Hiroshima during World War II. You're probably already more sad knowing that then you ever were while watching "Angel Beats"."Grave of the Fireflies" - Also about kids in Japan during World War II. It was not a fun time to be Japanese. And while not laced with sadness these titles will get you good at least once: "Mushi-shi" - While there's plenty of uplifting tales to be had here there are also terrible tragedies. Impressive for an episodic anime."Code Geass" - Should go without saying around here. Our intrepid anti-hero of sorts takes as many hits as he delivers to his enemies."Eureka Seven" - A great coming-of-age adventure series that has a real romance sub-plot and does not shy away from the horrors of war."Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood" - While the first series was built on a foundation of tragedy and can be quite a downer overall "Brotherhood's" strength lies in that it can also be incredibly uplifting. When it hits it hits you hard. Thus concludes another exhaustive list that no one will read! I really enjoyed Mushishi. It's one of the few episodic shows that I've been able to swallow. Or in this case, chug. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Ixioran I really enjoyed Mushishi. It's one of the few episodic shows that I've been able to swallow. Or in this case, chug. I didn't like the anime, but the manga was pretty good. I wouldn't really say that it was sad, but it was certainly a somber series. 

 I've seen many sad anime. But I must say Escaflowne was the saddest anime I've seen yet. The storyline in that anime is so deep and adventurous. That it's a true Classic among the Dramatic and tear dropping anime's. At least, that's the way I look at it ^_^ 

 Well, I'll say Phantom Requiem for the Phantom, and Clannad / ~After Story~. I did enjoy Angel Beats, but it wasn't as sad as others I've seen. Edit: I forgot to mention Ef - A Tale Of Memories. 
"We have to distrust each other. It is our only defense against betrayal." - Tennessee Williams
 Togainu No Chi. :I 
"This Is Madness" "No, This Is PASSSSTAAAAA" 
 Wow, Kyoto animation, so good at producing the flow of tears. Mine would have to be Neon Genesis Evangelion. Never before have I found an anime that actually made me so depressed that I started to hyperventilate from suffocating on my own tears. I agree that Air is up there. Honey and Clover as well in a bittersweet, "yeah this is how shitty real life can be" sort of way. 
 I think I've seen like every choice in here and I'm gonna go with "Shiki" That crap was depressing from the very first episode and then just got worse as it went along. It also gave a really unsatisfying ending, which is sad in it's own right. lol 
 Originally Posted by [ Takerá ] I watch anime Raw and understand most of the things they say does that count? Originally Posted by ChatterboxZombie depends if you're watching lucky star no if you're watching ghost in the shell, yes 
