http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159875-College-Studies-What-are-You-Enrolled-For
[Personal Life Discussions] College Studies, What are You Enrolled For?
 It really depends on your situation. In my country you will NOT get a job in something you like without a degree and its really hard to advance. It's a royal pain in the butt to be honest because in some situations what you learn in college is just the basics. If you're getting it paid for, by all means jump at the chance. Never let an opportunity pass you by if it's something that you know that you will enjoy. Also, you must be prepared to work for it. I have a 4 year BA degree in Graphic Design where I learned most of the basics of what I know about design, then I decided to do a one year add on BA degree in Multimedia Design, which was a total waste of time in my opinion. 1 year is not enough time to learn much, only the basics of applying design to Multimedia. I have a Master's in Graphic Design and I do think that the Masters was the most worthwhile out of all the time that I have wasted in school. It got me my current work placement, and I learned so much about the industry by doing real projects, some with well known companies. Also, by the time I started my Master's, I was in my late 20s and had grown up so much since I was doing my BA. I actually excelled because I put everything into it. One thing I would say to people going into university is to take it seriously. You will experience a lot of people who are just there to party. It's okay to go to the odd party here and there, but the people who do all the partying won't help you when you fail courses. Failed courses means more money wasted. If anyone has an opportunity to do a taught Masters that will give them experience in their chosen field, they should do it. However, if you've already got a job in the field, stick at it until you have enough experience that you know you will get another job easily... unless they are willing to fund or co-fund it for you like the OP. Experience is worth so much more than having more qualifications. My Master's professor said that if any of us got offered a good job opportunity during the course of the Master's to take it and leave because we might not get that kind of opportunity again. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
