http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159525-Netstorm-style-RTS-game-play-gets-reboot-in-3D
 Netstorm style RTS game play gets reboot in 3D
 Hello all just wanted to let everyone know about our team which started as fans of the original 90's Netstorm Islands at war have banded together to form a development team and working with help from the original devs are creating a new world and IP heavily influenced by the original game-play style under but new world and artwork and units and IP. The new reboot of NS style game-play of warring priests and floating sky islands is called "Disciples of the storm" and is set in a full 3D world instead of 2D that the original game was. The team has been working over past few months on changes and getting the new rain faction art down in preparation for creation of the new units for use in a new test build, the team has put a number of screenshots of art and models on our steam greenlight page a few videos of the teams work inside the unity engine with a test build of the game showing some of the gameplay mechanics implemented from the older game.. We also are releasing a look of the new Ice Cannon attack unit we are working on the design... Earlier we had uploaded a picture of the new rain creature air unit spawn pool which will spawn rain based air unit that will attack any enemy units in a radius from the spawn pool.. You can see DOTS on the steam greenlight project here. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfile.../?id=294002132 If there are any here that remember NS and want to see a full rebirth of its gameplay style please check out our project. 
 Today the DOTS project is pleased to release the first look at the updated "Rain" faction Ice tower blocker concept design.. The new design moves away from the original ice tower design with giving a more foreboding look, while having a more fixed shape the ice tower still keeps a fluid nature to it.. 
 After several weeks of back and forth with the art team and modeling team we at Storm Isle Productions are pleased to showcase the first look of the newly modeled and textured Rain faction "Ice Cannon" with the initial model done we will be implementing it into a coming build for further demonstrating of the new unit model in-game soon... Be sure to drop us a comment and let us know what you think! Also if you have not dropped by our steam green-light then be sure to help drop us some support http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfile.../?id=294002132 
 Last edited by barnEbiss; 01-23-2015 at 01:44 PM. 
