http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155772-A4-Logo-Any-one-want-to-give-it-a-shot
 A4 Logo - Any one want to give it a shot?
 I'm looking for someone to make a logo for A4. It doesn't have to have anything more than text, but it has to be meaningful text. If you choose to do images and what not, it has to be 100% custom and nothing copyrighted. See: http://www.theverge.com/ http://www.polygon.com/ http://www.thenextweb.com/ http://www.mashable.com/ -- This is someone's opportunity to possibly have their graphics used on a site that sees 10,000+ unique visitors a week. This logo will also be part of a future project I'm working on. If a quality logo is not made or found, I'll make one myself. But for now, I'm giving the community the chance to give it a shot. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I once made a Logo for a website in beta and even though they didn't choose mine, it got pretty far with the 1000's of submissions sent in and they told me it was pretty nice. Guess I'll make one for you. - optional 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 look guys i can draw one in mspaint but this is the idea. Combine the A and 4 together. Similar to Taks design but overlapping choosign a font that complements the anglse of the A and the 4. When im not being a lazy **** ill put illustrator on my computer and actually do it. But for now my computer doesnt have suite and I can't easily whip one up. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 ^That. I'd go with red for the 4 and black for the A. And underneath 'You can log out anytime you like. But you can never leave.' 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I did this as an idea (although I spent far too much time working on the ground effects than the logo itself). That font doesn't spline properly without some serious adjustments... 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. And underneath 'You can log out anytime you like. But you can never leave.' BAM, that should be on every single A4 banner and the Logo ofc. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 A relatively rough concept I had:  Spoiler Obviously very simple (not so simple to make, since I'm **** with PS), but definitely a start -- or perhaps nearer to an end, depending on what we're going for. Considering how similar the letter 'A' is to the number '4', it would be silly not to utilize that similarity in some way, as familiar a concept as it is. 
 Last edited by Struggler; 03-06-2014 at 03:42 AM. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 ^That. But like, done like a kanji brush stroke styleeee. Yes, I'm an ideas person. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 4 in Japanese Kanji looks weird.... hopefully somebody can be creative enough to use the Japanese four kanji and create something out of it. 
 A4 veteran 2002, member # 88, back after a long hiatus. Got kicked out of a strip club due to tipping a stripper with a Filet-o-Fish.
 Personally, I would go for a logotype for a website name, especially if it's going to be used to promote A4 at some stage. You could have a logo version as well that is incorporated into the logotype like Polygon have done. This is by no means a finished entry since it's a rough "sketch" in illustrator based on the first idea that came into my head. (turning the "O" into an anime eye, to do it right would take longer than the 5 minutes I spent), just an example of how you could incorporate an anime element into the type. The element used could then be used as a favicon and different things.  Spoiler 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 ^With something like Strugz and Tony's suggestion, you can just incorporate logo into the forum title by replacing the normal A. Originally Posted by Rgchrono 4 in Japanese Kanji looks weird.... hopefully somebody can be creative enough to use the Japanese four kanji and create something out of it. I meant the style like below rather than using actual Japanese characters. This place is weeabo enough as it is. Also 'where the weeabo's roam' from protoss profile is a decent caption as well. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 
 Last edited by Silentbeamer; 03-07-2014 at 04:55 PM. Reason: Finally got around to doing something with the full website. Doing what Shannon was kind of doing 

 So far, 1+ for Shannon, the colorless one. Could probably use a fancy "A4" somewhere around it. 
 Expanded on what TonyTony & Struggler were suggesting. Much as I know it ties the logo to anime straight away, I find the eye a bit cheesy, if I'm honest. 
 ^^^ Nice dude this is exactly what I was thinking. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 The eye was an example. It's like when you sit down with a sketch pad and sketch out all the obvious ideas first before getting to the good stuff. I immediately threw that up on illustrator and onto here as a sort of a brainstorm, to get people thinking about what they could do. I didn't mean for someone to literally copy it. You throw enough ideas up, eventually someone comes up with something better based on it. For this, I haven't sat down and worked on it properly. I would gladly put the time in and design a logo for A4 if asked, since I kinda have a bunch of time on my hands atm, but this one's been put to you guys first. I don't wanna waste that time either on that just yet since I am working on portfolio shtuff. I would rather be sure it was being used XD. I do like how you've handled the "A4" bit based on the other guys' suggestion above. The circle/bubble thing around it doesn't work though. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
