http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill
[Action] Kill La Kill
 I have watched this entire series, and to anybody who is wondering whether or not it's worth it that's really up to you decide. but if you want my opinion on it I would say that the story isn't very far off from naruto's own story line with only having one half of what you need and requiring to find the other half. and quality wise I would say its one of the better animated shows period I like to describe as like almost like a dense very sugary sweet styled motion comic that will suddenly transition into a fully realized beautiful high speed combat scenario and the suddenly a racy almost ecchi/comedy moment all very smoothly to encompass everything that you could desire lol. the characters I would say shine even brighter than that from the main character to the supporting cast kill la kill delivers people you love to love some that you hate to hate. a good story with twists and turns without being to loopy and loosing the original ideas that were first presented. and really powerful emotional moments where the characters flaws are laid out there whether you love them or not and they get handed down their grand punishment and they actually stop and mature (sometimes they don't) and grow in front of your eyes and that really deeply connects you to the soul of the character. so you always end up rooting for that characters goal whether its kinda goofy like sticking up for someones feelings in the midst of a heated battle or something more on the serious end like winning said battle for the sake of the world. but all in all like some other anime I wont mention, its too good to be so short. its 26 episodes and unlike attack on titan its not continued in a manga on some manga scanning site. so its over too soon but you enjoy it while it last. I don't know if that's the best explanation or review that could be given but its the best one I could give. In short if you like girls who are dressed in a skimpy clothes who create massive craters with swings of their swords good whole hearted feelings+ outer space esque cold characters. and some pretty stupid comedy and heroic moments kill la kill is the way to go. I give it a 10/10 
Friends are a good thing, even if they tread a different path."[
