http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152885-I-have-free-skittles
 I have free skittles
 No I don't! But I do love Skittles! Just wanted to drop by and say hello. I'm an anime fan who watches both dub and sub and watches filler (I'm weird) but yeah I enjoy anime for what it is and don't try to get into the dub vs dub war or fillers don't matter arguments. I view anime as an adaption while the manga is the creator's true vision. Anyway I like Haruhi,Ouran,Bleach,Naruto,Nabari,Lucky Star and DRRRRRR (way too many RRRS but who cares!?) I also do Youtube stuff,do cons in New England and love GameGrumps on the Tube of You or now GoogleTube XD Anyway hope to make friends and save the world via the power of friendship!@ 
 Ahh man, no skittles. lol Anyway, welcome to Anime Forums. I am also a fan of Naruto and Bleach. I hope you like it here on this forum. 

 That's okay, Skittles give me heartburn. Welcome to the forum and share any new discoveries. 

 Welcome aboard.. or something rather.. You don't have Skittles? You awful, awful liar. You watch fillers though? They're not all terrible. More of the better filler has come from Trigun, in my opinion. It never truly felt like filler, both before and after I found out. Be wary, and steer clear of the more "tyrannical" members... you'll thank me later.. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Welcome to A4, don't worry I don't have skittles either well fillers are not that bad once in a while, like n Gintama you can barely tell which ones are fillers and which ones aren't but they are still entertaining enjoy your stay here 
  Spoiler 
 Ah no Skittles. Whatever i'm more of a jolly rancher kind of guy. Anyway, welcome to the forums Urahara. 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 Originally Posted by PR0MAN1 Ah no Skittles. Whatever i'm more of a jolly rancher kind of guy. Anyway, welcome to the forums Urahara. Such a n adorable sig 
 Originally Posted by Urahara's Hat Such a n adorable sig Thank you good sir. 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 I feel.... tricked... But anyways, Hey there and welcome to A4! And I also like filler and Sub and Dub. Enjoy the Forums. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 No Skittles. . . I've been had!! T_T. . . .Anyhow Welcome to A4 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 Welcome aboard! Skittles are awesome! I'm sure you'll fit right in here. =) Hope you enjoy you're time here. 
 
