http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?123095-A4-Profiles-V2-0-Tell-us-about-yourself!
 A4 Profiles V2.0 - Tell us about yourself!
 Okay, I had to get rid of the old version of this thread, sadly. It was nine years old (It would've been in the third grade by now), impossible to navigate/manage due to the 2000+ posts in it, and full of tons of outdated profiles and information, mostly from people who aren't even on A4 anymore or have changed drastically since then. So this is blank slate time! Even if you posted in the old one, feel free to post again in this new one here because, well, it's awesome and new and stuff. No particular format is required, but just an example of a format you may want to use or include: Name: Age: Location: Hair/Eye color: Height/Weight (If you want): Status (Whatever this means): Occupation: Interests: Hobbies: Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Any other biographical information you care to share: And please, no being insulting or starting fights or flaming other users for any particular things they say about themselves in their profile! --------- And to give an example using yours truly (With real information and everything!): Name: Anthony Age: 22 Location: The mean streets of Bellevue, Washington. Hair/Eye color: Dark brown/super-dark brown. Height/Weight (If you want): Right between 6'0 and 6'1, 200lbs. Status (Whatever this means): Cold and lonely living in a box under a bridge! Occupation: Software Engineer Interests: Writing, music (Seeing it, listening to it, writing it, making it, etc), discovery, technology, cool new things and new ideas, baseball/football Hobbies: Defending justice, coming up with ridiculous new ideas and projects, cooking Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Doctor Who, punk/ska/hardcore/jazz/hip-hop music, kung-fu films, Final Fantasy Tactics. Any other biographical information you care to share: Oh god I have been on this forum for more than 1/3 of my entire life. But that's eight years of crushing evil and injustice into dust. I also love meeting and talking to new people, especially if they are fascinating. 
 Last edited by Kouketsu; 09-11-2011 at 07:46 PM. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
