http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159247-Help!-I-m-looking-for-a-positive-cool-anime-with-awesome-characters!
 Help! I'm looking for a 'positive', 'cool' anime with awesome characters!
 Hello A4! I just recently joined because I thought that this might be the best place to ask for recommendations! Before I ask, I'll establish the context: My friends and I are planning on sitting down together to hang out and watch anime. Our group size is three, but our tastes in Anime are quite different, which makes finding a good anime hard. Help! There are three people, Person A, B, and me. Person A [female] - When she watches anime, she kind of mentally places herself in the show, making friends with the characters from the Anime cast. If she likes the main characters in the anime, I believe she'll also like the anime itself. She additionally has a strong preference to positive anime with happy endings. Since she makes an attachment to the characters, she dislikes it when they die. So no Madoka, Shingeki, Psycho-Pass, or the like. She also doesn't like whiny angsty characters or cocky characters, but it's acceptable if the character eventually develops into a responsible individual. Some examples of anime she likes is Kyou kara Maou, Natsume Yuujinchou, Kuroko no Basuke, Full Metal Panic. To be frank, I need the most help with recommending a show that works for her. I've been watching anime for like, 8 years now, but I realized nothing I watch is what she really enjoys. Person B [male] - I'm not as familiar with Person B to the level I am with Person A, but from my understanding, B enjoys 'cool' shows that have some semblance of meaning. Like Fate/Zero, Psycho-Pass, Steins;Gate. Me [male] - I believe I'm the easiest to satisfy. I never really ran into an anime that I disliked. I like everything from Gundam to Yosuganosora to all the shows mentioned above to Kill me Baby to Doraemon. I have a slight preference to negative-unhappy anime like Higurashi or Another, but I'm totally willing to settle for something else to find a match for our group. Thanks for listening A4! I really, really appreciate anyone's input! 
