http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140346-Soul-Cry-Redone
 Soul Cry Redone
 Don't worry, the story is still titled Soul Cry, I am just beginning a new thread cause the old thread is from 2010 and got derailed long ago, but here it is: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...highlight=Soul That being said seeing this work shows me that I'm a much better writer even though the work was done a few years back. Luna's writing didn't turn out near as good as the writing from here so I need to go back and write like this instead of how ever the hell I wrote Luna. Also I'm going to halt work on Venus: Second Encounter, but if people still want me to, I can finish that. Table of Contents:  Spoiler Prologue: Where to Begin? (589 Words)(Page 1 Post 1) Chapter 1: Naomi Kalani (1,481 Words)(Page 1 Post 1) Chapter 2: Fate and Hope Elmore (1,149 Words)(Page 1 Post 1) Chapter 3: Dave(Tom) and Phil(Erin) Domina (2,037 Words)(Page 1 Post 4) Chapter 4: A Silhouette (1,277 Words)(Page 1 Post 6) Chapter 5: Hidden Potential (1,921 Words)(Page 1 Post 7) Chapter 6: False Pretenses (1,666 Words)(Page 1 Post 11) Chapter 7: What is Soul? (2,275 Words)(Page 1 Post 12) Chapter 8: A New Friend (1,582 Words)(Page 1 Post 13) Chapter 9: Husk (2,882 Words)(Page 1 Post 14) Chapter 10: Memories (1,871 Words)(Page 1 Post 18 ) Chapter 11: Aftermath (3,145 Words)(Page 1 Post 19 incomplete, and Post 20 full) Chapter 12: An Explanation (2,419 Words)(Page 1 Post 21) Chapter 13: Inheritance (2,279 Words)(Page 1 Post 22 incomplete, and Post 24 full) Chapter 14; Repeat Occurrences (2,392 Words)(Page 2 Post 26) Chapter 15; A Fourth Kind (3,208 Words)(Page 2 Post 27 and 28 ) Chapter 16; "The Voice" (2,912 Words)(Page 2 Post 29 and 30) Chapter 17; Paul and Ronald Westly (3,304 Words)(Page 2 Post 36 and 37) Chapter 18; Intentions Unknown (2,882 Words)(Page 2 Post 38 and 39) Chapter 19; Rumors and Speculations (3,258 Words)(Page 2 Post 41 and 45) Chapter 20; Dive (3,367 Words)(Page 2 Post 46 and 47) Chapter 21; Madness Within Chaos (4,014 Words)(Page 2 Post 48, 49, and 50) Chapter 22; Division (3,108 Words)(Page 3 Post 51 and 52) Chapter 23; Fragmented Brothers (4,398 Words)(Page 3 Post 53 and 56) Chapter 24; Rose (3,031 Words)(Page 3 Post 57, 58, and 59) Chapter 25; Damage Control (3,588 Words)(Page 3 Post 65, 67, and 69) Chapter 26; Days of Change (4,534 Words)(Page 3 Post 70 and 72) Chapter 27; Boiling Point (3,450 Words)(Page 3 Post 73 and 74) Chapter 28; Homecoming (3,082 Words)(Page 4 Post 79 and 81) Chapter 29; Relapse (2,674 Words)(Page 4 Post 86 and 87) Chapter 30; Past Vendetta (3,922 Words)(Page 4 Post 88 and 89) Chapter 31; What Can Be Seen (4,203 Words)(Page 4 Post 90, 91, and 92) Chapter 32; Obscured Encounter (Working On) Chapter XX; The Mistress, the Husk, and the Truth (3,436 Words)(Page 2 Post 35) Edit; 8/22/2014 I want to make a few things clear because there has been such a time gap in my writing between the first 5 including the prologue, and then the second 8 chapters to the current which begin after chapter 13. 1. So first thing if it's not clear after reading though some, is that Fate and Hope are Mike's daughters, this is clear later in the chapters, past 13. 2. Second is that Naomi never learns the name of her Soul Tool, again this is in the chapters preceding my decision to take it out and I have yet to edit my work so that this fact is in. Again this is once you get past chapter 13 3. Third is that Phil and Dave have gotten a name change. They are now Erin and Tom, in that order. 4. Fourth, Shells have been renamed to Husks. So these are things to remember while reading the first 13 chapters. Enjoy now. Here's the prologue and first two chapters. Prologue: Where to Begin?  Spoiler Where to begin? Heaven and Hell; do they even exist? Humans do not know this, for we are living, or what we call living, what humans came together to call something that is alive, something that is moving in flesh and that has a mind, a will to live. As long as humans have the will to live, we are alive, are we not? But what about death; when human bodies are cremated or thrown into the ground to rot, are humans no longer alive? Is death really the end for them? This goes without saying, all animals, for that is all a human is, an animal, the animal that dominates over other animals. Those on top choose what happens to those on the bottom. That is how it has always been and always will be. All things live, all things die. Whether a soul or not. All ends the same. Death. But what about before life begins, were we not already dead then given life in our mother’s womb by our father’s seed? Is that when the soul comes to the flesh given to us by our parents? Then this leads us to where the soul comes from. A magical thing, a magical word that humans have giving something that spawns from nothing, such as time, time is a word humans have labeled the orbiting Earth around the Sun, giving us years, months, weeks, and days. Time. Time is how we even label ourselves, by how many years, decades and so on that we have been on this small planet of ours. The soul; a collection of experiences which dictates us as we grow and age Every new experience we come into contact with changes us ever so slightly. For good or bad, what happens is our choice that’s already predetermined by our previous experiences. Then can this not be considered the soul because it is what makes us who we are, what we do, every action and reaction. A ripple in a pond? Our soul is essentially our personality. This is why, with age, humans grow wise. Humans who have already spent, and used up their time on this planet can now give their knowledge to those of the next generation, their sons and daughters, their grand kids. This is the only way humans know to progress, and probably will be the only way they ever do for all eternity. This is death. To leave the flesh that was once giving to them. What we see as death. As for the soul, where that ends up is entirely up to the experiences that the soul has had. Heaven or Hell, their choice—eternal life or eternal damnation. The soul is nothing but a blank slab waiting for a chisel. Which leads us to what happens when there is none, or when the soul does not know. When no experiences are introduced to the soul, when no personality is formed what does this become? A vacant shell? Nothing? Something? Anything? This is where our story begins; with one of these poor creatures, a human at one time though, now dead and slowly being consumed for the soul does not know regret. Now for you to understand what will be transpiring in the following pages you must read, included are these feelings; sorrow, guilt, romance, pain, joy, and anger. Many feelings will surface and it’s up to your soul, your personality to understand the experiences that are about to take place as your read. So knowing this, please enjoy. 589 Words Chapter 1: Naomi Kalani  Spoiler We start our story with a young female of Hawaiian ancestry. Though from the norm, she looks nothing like a Hawaiian—tall with beautiful bronze skin and an hour-glass figure, and her limbs fitting her body, not too long or too short. Her full head of coal-colored hair drapes past her hips, and her eyes, the color of glass, with a hint of blue to them, almost teal. But if you look at them, they can send shivers down your spine, as if you’re gazing at something that is too unrealistic to be real. But she’s not mean, or aggressive, instead shy and does not talk much even though she has the voice of an angel and a laugh that anyone can take joy from. Then again, she’s an outcast from society, and her school, and that’s because she looks so different and because of the unpleasantness you would get if you got too close. She herself cannot even explain this unpleasantness; it is an aura that makes willing people not wanting to get close. Could it be her cold eyes or her unrealistic looks? Little bit of both, but mainly the aura. Then again, her fashion sense too… She’s even more of an outcast to her peers because of the way she dresses. With clothing from another century, she wears dresses decorated with lace around the hem and sleeves, being very feminine and staying away from the tom-boy trends of her schoolmates. Our story begins with Naomi Kalani, a seventeen year old girl whom lives with her grandmother. Now, two weeks before she starts junior year at high school, she receives a phone call from her Uncle who has asked her to bring his ailing mother—her grandmother—back to the States, and saying that he will pay the expenses, as well as grant her to stay with them and go to school there, for back in Hawaii, she will have no relatives left to live with. Thinking this over to herself over the next week, she gladly accepts, thinking that being with the family would be the wisest decision. “I am an outcast here, anyway,” she told herself just before dialing them up again and saying she would come. “Naomi, I have a request I want you to do first. This is for your grandmother. I want you to take her to a location that my daughter will escort you to once you have arrived,” the Uncle tells her and she accepts the request. With a week left, she packs up and after a short dispute between her grandmother, she finds no way of getting her off the island, yet finds her grandmother’s Alzheimer to be of use. Being kind about it, she tricks her grandmother, and they board a plane the designated plane that is headed for the States. But here, on the plane, is where everything begins—a soul crying on deaf ears, longing to be heard by one such girl that has yet to know her true identity. We find this soul entering the girl’s dreams, trying to grow, trying to be heard just enough for the girl to take note of its existence. We must ask ourselves this: How long has this soul been trying to accomplish this? Trying to be heard and trying to be noticed? How long must this soul cry? Will it ever be heard? The scene began out of focus at first, moving every which way, erratically, but not smoothly, as if the scene was popping up from one place to the next. With gold sparks around the images, the scene slowly began to focus, smoothly changing its colors from the shades of gray to shades of red, yellow, and blue. The image then froze in place, stopping its erratic movement and now I can see the image clearly, like a movie. A bluff of limestone outcropping a small lake, that is longer than it is wide, but I can only see that from a distances and off to the right, but what I am guessing I am meant to see is the couple sitting on a bench near a large rock that is sitting vertical, and that looks as if you can just poke it and the boulder will tumble off the ledge it sits upon. The couple is young and dressed in 40’s clothing, but then it looks as if time is passing, the small trees that were once around them start growing and as they grow, I see the girl remain sitting, and the man disappears for a time, only to come walking in to sit next to the girl on the bench. It looks as if at least twenty years have passed and the bench disappears and I see a wedding between them. The girl dressed with a beautifully long pink dress and the male in a handsome tux. At that moment, I felt as if something was trying to make me think, trying to show me something, but the feeling soon fades as well with the scene and time passes once again. As I watch the years past between the couple, I soon begin to feel sorry for them, watching both age so quickly. Kids enter and a realization comes over me. Two kids, a male and female. I try to say something to the female, not knowing why but my voice is not heard and as I watch the kids getting older with their parents, I keep on calling out to the female wanting her to hear me, a lonesomeness building inside of me, but my voice is never heard. And just as soon as the kids appear, they vanish from the now old couple. With the trees looking to be fully grown, things start to slow down; longer periods are between each transition, until finally, I see the daughter of the two kids that were there before, entering; no man shows this time. Slowly but surely the silence that was engulfing me fades out and I hear the two women, the older one hunched over crying on her daughter’s shoulder. Then in a blink of an eye, everything vanishes, all is gone, I do not know how I knew they were my family although that might be the reason I tried calling out to the girl, she was my mother. A jerk shakes me from my slumber and I open my eyes to the crowded but silent cabin of an airplane. Turning my head this way and that I stop, staring at the bug eyed kid in front of me. Smiling, I hold out my hand and tilt my head saying in my friendly voice, “Hi, what is your name? I am Naomi.” “Naomi, you’re crying.” He laughs, but I see a hand tap him on the shoulder and his mom tells him that he is being impolite. “Sorry I was watching you,” He sighs and turns back in his seat, obeying his mother. Bringing a hand up to my cheek I feel the tears that the boy mentioned. Was I really just crying? What a strange dream, I think to myself as I dry my cheeks with the palms of my hands. Shaking my head to clear my thoughts I look down to my grandmother sitting at my side. She lets out one of her snores and a smile comes to my face as I think to myself that I did the right thing by bringing her back to the States where she grew up. Uncle Mike will be happy to see his mother again after so long. What has it been, ten years at least? Ten years since he saw me as well, I wonder what he will think of me all grown up. Opening the window shade, I watch the sun dawning. Resting my chin on the back of my hand I remain watching the sun, thinking of the meeting that will soon take place between all of us. After so long, I wonder how my cousins are. I think their names are Fate and Hope if I remember that correctly. I am sure they will be glad to see me. Pausing from my thoughts, I see two female faces in my mind, both with white hair and both identical. That is right, they are identical twins, and they must look really pretty now, being my age as well. Wonder if I am taller than them? I hope not. I am already a giant compared to the women and my classmates on Hawaii. Another snore erupts from my grandmother and I let out a laugh, something which is hardly heard because I am shy and my voice is very soft. Blushing I look away from the window and down at my lap, clenching the hem of my skirt I ask myself the one question that I’ve been worried about since leaving… 1,481 Words Chapter 2: Fate and Hope Elmore  Spoiler The cry was not heard—Naomi passed off what had happen to her while in her dreams as a simple illusion, though crying at the sight when she woke she remained awake as she watched as the plane descended and as the polite told them to fasten their seat belts, for they would soon be arriving at the airport in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. There, a girl by the name of Fate Elmore waited for Naomi’s arrival. Being requested to by her father, she waits patiently, watching those that flew the flight her cousin is on to leave. Although being patient is not her usual characteristics, mainly because of her identical twin, Hope. Born by their mother Isabella, she gave them special names, Hope, because a few weeks after birth, found that she was blind. She had hoped that her sister, Fate, would be kind to her blind sibling, and help her as a sister. Because of her parents wishes—which she was rebellious at first, and not liking her sibling because she got more attention. But, she grew accustom to this and she slowly began to accept her sister, nearing her tenth year they were best friends—inseparable. Fate is a small girl, about five foot, and her shoulder length white hair is envied by most other girls. Large sea colored eyes; she usually has her brows knit because she is normally serious and laughs only when she herself finds something funny—which is rare. And although she may look feminine by her light skin tone and thin structure, as well as her wardrobe of dresses and skirts—she is very deceiving and between her and her sister she is the brute. They wear the same clothing, sometimes confusing people unfamiliar with them. As well as doing it on purpose, to get out of stuff one disliked. But there is one thing that is different from Hope and her, Hope wears her cloths without jeans pants, liking looser fitting clothing so she doesn’t have to bother with tripping while getting dress because of being blind. Six years have passed since then and in a way, that have both grown the same amount and look exactly the same, so switching who they are is done with great ease. Sitting back, Fate sighs to herself as she watches an old couple pass. Half asleep from staying up most of the night at practice, she shakes her head, trying to rid herself of her tiredness. Large headphones on, and some rock tunes playing, she spots an old woman and a tall girl walking through security. Recognizing them, or at least the old woman as her grandmother, she smiles and stands, picking up the sign that she had written her cousin’s last name on, hopping this would attract them from the crowed. The tall girl looks her way and they meet each other gazes. Something about her doesn’t seem right, Fate thought to herself, watching as the girl came closer and closer to her, escorting their grandmother. Fate fakes a smile, and hugs Naomi, congratulating her on her safe trip from Hawaii. Though Naomi stumbles on her name, accusing her of being Hope at first, Fate corrects her. Hugging her grandmother as well, they walk through the airport and into the streets, where a cab awaited them, arraigned by Fate’s father to drive them to Devil’s Lake—a very special place to their grandmother. When they arrive after the two hour drive, will their dear grandmother recognize the place? Their grandmother does not recognize were they are going. She is confused as to why they are stuffed in a cab and going to a location that Fate has yet to tell them. Their grandmother was persistent and because of her Alzheimer she began repeating herself. The cab driver even said something but they couldn’t get her to stop. After the drive, their grandmother finally settled down and she began acting as if she was being lead by something. Fate and Naomi have never been there and after tipping the cab they found themselves alone and their grandmother gone. She had run off. She climbed the rocky trail, surrounded by rocks and she soon found herself at that place, the place that she remember from so long ago despite the Alzheimer. She found the bench she sat at with him and she smiled out over the land, and the lake below. She was high on the trails that were created by glaciers many thousands of years ago. Taking many paths they past many hikers, all of whom were friendly and one party even told them that they saw a woman, but she wasn’t old and although she matched the wardrobe they were confused as to why she looked young and not old. Fate then had a thought. She’s this way because of her memories. She is remembering when she was most happy and that must be why she looks young and others are seeing this. Telling her idea to Naomi, she agrees for she heard the same from her parents long ago. They continue on the path even though night was falling. Both tired, they stumbled along the rugged path until they came upon their grandmother. “Morgan…” Their grandmother spoke as a ghostly figure appeared. He’s dressed in his old army uniform. Fate looks to Naomi, hoping to learn something that might help this situation make more senses but all she finds is tears. Naomi is crying, her mouth hanging ajar. Then she speaks and a lot more becomes clear. “This place…this is where grandmother meant grandfather.” Their grandmother and the ghostly figure embrace each other, her tears spilling down her cheeks. But the image of the young grandmother soon vanishes. Her back becomes hunched, and her hair change color and becomes gray and long instead of curly and short—the color of the darkest night. She lets out a scream as the ghostly figure of their handsome young grandfather vanishes and their grandmother drops to the ground. But from the moment that their grandmother’s body hit the ground a light flashes, blinding both Fate and Naomi. Fate wakes hours later to find that she is leaning against one of the many pines in the forest that surrounds them, but she also sees that ambulances have come and that her Uncle had also arrived, but he was not tended to her, he was trying to snap Naomi out of the daze that she was in, she was kneeling and gazing at the stars above, as if praying she talked in a whisper but no words were understandable and her eyes were red from crying the whole time. Looking up at the flashing lights I see a silhouette trying to help me up, her hand is outstretched and as I take her hand, my sister says with some sorrow in her voice that grandmother had died. 1,149 Words Look forward to more, I promise to work on this one more frequently then I did with Luna or Venus. 
 Last edited by MoSteel; 01-04-2015 at 11:02 PM. 
Main Story: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...oul-Cry-Redone Secondary Story: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...79#post3627979 Thank You Gaff for my Avatar. Shannon getting decked. Long live Masa. XD ヽ༼ ಠ益ಠ ༽ﾉ <(¬＿¬<) o<(¬＿¬<) (>0o0)>==============O (◐◞౪◟◑)┐
