http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144282-So-what-is-your-favorite-video-game-series
 So what is your favorite video game series?
 I have several series that I am a fan of such as the Tales of series,Battlefeild series,Ratchet&Clank series & GTA series....I am pretty good at those games and know quite a bit about them...Soooo what is your favorite video game series? 
 my favorite video game series is sly cooper i have a lot of history with the series i like the characters, the maps and the plot with the games. sly 2 band of theives and sly 4 band of theives are my second and third favorite games and it's also playstation's former mascot. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 My favorite video game series is the "Tales of" series. 
 Siggy by: Aoide ~ 
 K-9 and Lamia are correct. Thread is finished. Nothing beats Tales of. NOTHING! AND NOTHING EVER WILL! And no, I am not talking about a series called nothing... 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 simpily put METAL GEAR SOLID 1.AMAZING 2.EVEN BETTER 3. MY 2ND FAVORITE GAME 4. MY 4TH FAVORITE GAME 
 Tales of... series, Golden Sun, and Ar Tonelico. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 There are only a few game series I have actually completed, but My favorite is the Kingdom Hearts series. I also really enjoy the pokemon series, and the Half-Life series. 
  Spoiler 
 I played all of them except for thieves in time. Tales of the abyss and Vesperia... 
 Last edited by K-9; 05-07-2013 at 07:20 PM. 
 I'm amazed the Legend of Zelda series hasn't been mentioned yet. But yeah. The LoZ series, hands down. I still think OoT has one of the best game soundtracks of all time out there, even comparable to games of today. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 I'd say the Legend of Zelda series and the Ratchet and Clank series. They're really nice rpgs 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 I don't know about actual series but there is a few I enjoy a lot. Legend of Zelda, Mario, Deus Ex, Pokemon. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Saints row and Elder Scrolls no question about it. And I'm probably going to kill myself for saying this, but; Call of Duty. The only reason I put it up there is because of zombies mode. If zombies mode didn't exist it might be my least favourite series. 
 The Legend of Zelda is my favorite series. Ever since OoT and Majoras Mask I have been hooked. Also I really love all of the pokemon games 

 Tales series. Mainly for Destiny and Xillia. And I absolutely love the Monster Hunter series. It's an addiction! 
 My two favorites will and always be Ratchet & Clank and Jak & Daxter series(up to 3 for me). 
 Last edited by Bynn; 05-09-2013 at 01:32 AM. 
 The Pokemon series on Gameboy. The Battlefield series opened my eyes to the FPS world From Battlefield 1942 to Battlefield 3 Endgame but I've only played some of them xD sorry to break the chain of people saying "Legend of Zelda" but I've never played any of it before. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Kingdom Hearts,Final Fantasy,Harvest Moon,Pokemon and Legend of Zelda 

 The Legend of Zelda, Halo, Call of Duty, Elder Scrolls, Total War, Civilization, Final Fantasy (1-10), Kingdom Hearts, Harvest Moon, Tales of ----. Metal Gear Solid, Mass Effect, KotOR, the list goes on and on. *How the did I forget Resident Evil (pre RE5)? 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Originally Posted by Captain Picard The Legend of Zelda, Halo, Call of Duty, Elder Scrolls, Total War, Civilization, Final Fantasy (1-10), Kingdom Hearts, Harvest Moon, Tales of ----. Metal Gear Solid, Mass Effect, KotOR, the list goes on and on. *How the did I forget Resident Evil (pre RE5)? Holy crap. Thanks for reminding me. The RE series is legend, for the most part. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Pokemon Burnout (played 2 and 3 Takedown; own Revenge and Paradise City) Ratchet and Clank 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Pokemon, The Legend of Zelda, The Elder Scrolls, and Mass Effect. 
 LoZ, Final Fantasy, Devil May Cry 
 I would have to agree with those that said the Legend of Zelda series. They are consistently good and they go back with me. Metroid, and Mega Man were close runner ups. The Souls series (Demons Souls and Dark Souls) might be up there one day as well. 
 Agh I can't decide. I loved three series since I was young. The sly cooper series the ratchet and clank series and the jak and daxter series. Those were three of my favorite game series 

 Toss up between Pokemon, Fire Emblem, and Dragon Age 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
