http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158627-Akatsuki-no-Yona-(Yona-of-the-Dawn)/page2
[Fantasy] Akatsuki no Yona (Yona of the Dawn) - Page 2
 I'm glad we got to see why the new king (name?) is going to be such a threat to the dragons and yona. I also like how you could make a cause that the new king is the good guy. Let's be honest, king il was a shitty king and had to go 
 This is shaping up to be one of the best things that happened to this anime genre in quite a while. Everything is on point thus far...Now I don't follow up on the manga, but it sure looks like they can't tell the whole story in this season...So I'm praying on a second one. Last episode was kinda cool and different, showed us a little more on the Earth Tribe and the new young king. Pretty cool and a nice change. Loving the art man...everything just looks so colourful and alive. 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 It appears the new king is much better than the previous and more capable in managing economies, politics, etc. So his only misdeed was usurping the violent way, unless he has more personal agenda yet to be revealed...? 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Blue Dragon is still my favorite but White had me rolling in this episode. Also poor kid standing up to that guard. 

 Originally Posted by jugger It appears the new king is much better than the previous and more capable in managing economies, politics, etc. So his only misdeed was usurping the violent way, unless he has more personal agenda yet to be revealed...? No he Isn't lol, he's just using that as an excuse to justify him killing the king. Then he goes off playing games(which he clearly was cheating too, and which he in turn planned to fail, in hopes of winning favor). He is a evil, manipulating bastard, a pretty damn dumb one, but still. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 I'm speculating if he may improve the citizens' life and reduce their hardships which are witnessed by our group in their journey. The problems may be results of Il's passive stance I donno. So we shall see. Of course your opinion stands. He is a criminal there 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
