http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?143620-Characters-That-Ruined-Animes-That-Made-You-Give-Up-Bane-Of-Your-Existence
[Anime] Characters That Ruined Animes, That Made You Give Up/Bane Of Your Existence?
 What characters have ruined the animes you've watched. Pita Ten: I would say Mitari from Pita Ten. As much as I hate pita ten, the first time I watched pita ten it was tolerable to me at that time, and when Mitari in pita ten was introduced, I was so close to dropping that anime until I stopped at episode 10. Koboshi is always an annoying *****! Squid Girl: I never gave up on the series, forgive me, but the three stooges in squid girl were so annoying, terrible looking, ugly, creepy, weirdos that almost made me want to give up the series... What characters has ruined the animes that you've watch, and made you want to give up. 
 Last edited by superyoshibros99; 05-01-2013 at 02:11 PM. 

 Let sum up just about everyone's opinion on why they gave up on Naruto in a couple of words. Sasuke is a little whiny emotional brat and should be wiped off the face of the earth. 
 @ShikinamiDesu You can also find me on Hummingbird! 
 Cal was the worst thing to happen to Phantom: Requiem of a Phantom. Add a Loli in the middle of a show full of highly trained assassins...good ****ing idea -___- 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Excel from Excel Saga she was so annoying i had to drop it after ep.2. 
 If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. --Lao Tzu 9/10/13-R.I.P Hitler dono #Nazisstaydead 
 Aizen from Bleach. Even if the series were going down the hill and were nonesensical and suuuper dragged already, Aizen's god-like interventions finished Bleach for me. 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 Sakura, and Sasuke in Naruto really hurt the potential for the show, especially when they focus entire story arcs around such poorly designed char(There's no reason whatso ever for Sasuke to exist at all, in any form, seriously his existence is meaningless, and Sakura is an annoying self centered biatch. The Sakura type char does have its place granted, but wtf not as a main char, talk about over playing it, damn). 
 Alphonse from Full Metal Alchemist. I saw one episode of that anime and gave up, I couldn't handle it. He makes me want to stab my eyes out with hot needles. 
 The list is really long , will make it short - Naruto - Lets see Sakura , Sasuke , Sai all annoying characters reason i droped it years ago One Piece - Robin , Brook , Franky , Choper - no comment and droped too. Bleach - Uryu the only decent long going i finished Fairy Tail - the list is long uhm Natsu , Lusy , Gray , Erza , Happy over 90% characters were retarted and so many ecchi scenes ... Just watching Gray and Lucy made me puke also droped this serie. Gurren Lagann - the scientist in the end was so annoying and the sister trio. Chrome Shelled Regios - Fellis she looked so dumb and couldnt stand her character Zetsuen no Tempest - the princess , somethimes she reminded me on a baby Hayate no Gotoku - Nagi and Maria super boring characters Amnesia - Orion , dont need comment this character To aru Majutsu no Index - Misaka and her sister , dont get why they were even showed there Kuroshitsuji - the Chinese guy who was friendly with Cel Soul Eater - Maka and her apperance were horrible School Days - the main character i think Makoto? such a playboy Shakugan no Shana - the girl with brown hair Black Lagoon - Rock , first acted like a chicken in the end badass? ... Pandora Hearts - Alice most hated characted in my eyes Mirai Nikki - hmm Yuukis father Kuroko no Basket - Kise , hated his arrogance Isekai no Seikishi monogatari - all the girl were just biatches Ixion Saga Dt - princess and the blonde girl (man) Guilty Crown - Shu , i dont think he deserved to be the mc Highschool Dxd - Ria , the vice president , sister almost all the girls super stupid Higurashi no naku koro ni - Rena one of hell crazy girl Accel World - main character and his kendo friend , both looked weird. The list is longer, most hated characters in my eyes. 
 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Sakura, and Sasuke in Naruto really hurt the potential for the show, especially when they focus entire story arcs around such poorly designed char(There's no reason whatso ever for Sasuke to exist at all, in any form, seriously his existence is meaningless, and Sakura is an annoying self centered biatch. The Sakura type char does have its place granted, but wtf not as a main char, talk about over playing it, damn). I know! I mean the name of the serie is called NARUTO and yet it´s more about Sakura and Sasuke! I was really depressed when they showed Sasukes childhood for like 5 ep- really boring. Sakura is just annoying and in the way, and Sasuke is just boring and backstabing. 
 gubica already said it: accel worlds MC Whiny, unconfident little guy who kind of seemed like an attention-whore I don't have anything against people with more weight as the "standard", but this guy just made me punch my screen with his shitty attitude 
 Nina Einstein from Code Geass. Arms a nuclear bomb, hates all 11s, is sniveling during most of the intense situations she is in. She is a little crazy and psychopathic. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Kayla dono Excel from Excel Saga she was so annoying i had to drop it after ep.2. Thank you so much! I dropped it too, after episode 2! However I might finish the series just to make a bad review of it... 

 Originally Posted by Shikinami_ Let sum up just about everyone's opinion on why they gave up on Naruto in a couple of words. Sasuke is a little whiny emotional brat and should be wiped off the face of the earth. You and me are going to get along real well. I HATED sasuke with a passion. I don't understand why this stupid, overpowered character has so many damn fans. I wish Orochimaru had killed him when they fought. 

 I remember hearing so much about k-on, so I decided to play it. I had it for so long but never really watched. A few minutes in, I think the character was Yui Hirasawa... I decided Im not gonna get anything here. also, tenma from school rumble. On sasuke and naruto, I actually like sasuke significantly more over naruto. 
 Nekomaru in the English Dub version of Moeyo Ken. I just couldn't stand the voice they used! 

 Sakura from naruto annoyed me soooooo much that i gave up the whole anime series because of HER ;A; 

 Makoto Ito-School Days. I hate hate hate hate hate hate HATE HATE HATE THIS ASS! He goes around like he is the king of the world and he acts like a damn playboy and ruins the whole entire series by making it all about sex! I was so happy how School Days ended and if it was not for that ending I would have probably gone insane from anger and rage. Seriously, this guy sucks big time. 
 Sakura and sasuke from naruto... They have turned into stupid characters,sasuke at least used to be cool. Asuka from nge and Marisa or whatever the redhead is from love China and asuka from mahou sensei negima because they were all *****es and they ended up with the main character. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Sugu from Sword Art Online. Her existence was useless. They wasted precious episodes using her as a third wheel, when almost everyone said it was always Asuna. She served a good purpose when she helped Kirito and all, however her love story with Kirito was not needed. 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Originally Posted by Zero0520 Makoto Ito-School Days. I hate hate hate hate hate hate HATE HATE HATE THIS ASS! He goes around like he is the king of the world and he acts like a damn playboy and ruins the whole entire series by making it all about sex! I was so happy how School Days ended and if it was not for that ending I would have probably gone insane from anger and rage. Seriously, this guy sucks big time. I basically agree with what this guy says. 
 From what I can remember, Asuna from SAO :L Yeah sure, she might've been slightly helpful because she was the main female protagonist. But what the fuq happened to her badass gamer girl attitude and skills which was introduced in the first boss fight where she was introduced as a mysterious gamer? That made me feel like giving up because it gave me hope that - OMG, a true girl gamer in an anime, like me, who isn't a prissy! - nek minute, prissy princess who is hopeless without her boyfriend. And actually, @YourAverageTurtle, Sugu was actually more helpful because she was a professional in the Elf-world, whatever game that was. And she actually got Kirito somewhere in that new world 
 
 School Days ending was about as good at the Cleveland Browns NFL team has been for the past decade, shitty. -- My answer to this is sort of difficult, but I will try to explain. Sherry form Detective Conan. http://www.detectiveconanworld.com/wiki/Shiho_Miyano The series was one of those that I just continued to watch because of the comedy, but eventually I ran into the movie/episodes where Sherry debuts. I immediately loved her character and everything about her in the story. So, why is this a bad thing? It rekindled my love for a series i should of dropped. I still find myself reading updated chapters of Detective Conan or re-watching some fo the older and newer movies when I can. I never enjoy it as much as I used to, but the movie where she appears and the episodes were just really good and sort of like a tease for potential in solving the main crisis that's gone on for over 800 chapters, ha. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 Code Geass could have been a great and bearable anime for me if it wasn't for...well...almost all of the characters. Mostly Nunally and Lelouch. 
 The bird of Hermes is my name, eating my wings to make me tame. Signature by DynaBlade
 Code Gease - Every character in the show Eureka Seven - Whatever the main male and female characters were - The female was ugly and So freaking stupid I hated her and the kid was freaking annoying, retarded and so far beyond...like....I don't know how to put it into words. He is like the kid from kingdom hearts. He is better off as a voiceless side character that appears in one scene of a B anime that is just part of the background. Gundam G - Whoever that french pilot was...yeah..I hated him Dragonball and Z - Chioutsu You think RADITZ is the lowest person and insult? You think calling someone a Krillen? Is an insult and Krillen is the lowest totem pole character? NO! Chioutsu is! No reason for his existence. Anooying voice, looks gay, 100% the weakest Z fighter...pretty damn sure Yajurobi could kick his ass...then again Yajurobi does not need to fight. He is so cool that the writers didn't want to make the show "too cool" by including him in Z or GT in any big way. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 @Gubica66 Wait so using your logic you would also hate Simon from Gurren Lagann, correct? As he was Shinji Ikari in the begining then turned into Badass of the year at the, kid of like what Rock did when he went from 0 to badass. Also speaking of Shinji Ikari, I would like to give him an honorable metion as he just whined and whined and whined but I could handle it. 
Noblesse Oblige. I pray for your continuing service as a savoir. 
