http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?139647-Date-A-live/page6
[Fantasy] Date A live - Page 6
 Originally Posted by Lenin the Great *late response* @Sora Senpai: Keep in mind that it isnt a regular romance between a single couple, but a harem. If you were to watch other similar harems, the tsundere (personalized by the character Tohka), is like that. However, they are not always an airhead; a similar character to Tohka would be Aisaka Taiga from the series Toradora, where they are (if not exactly) similar in personalities. ^^^Just clarifying why Tohka is like that :P Plus, if we are talking about favorites: I like everyone except Origami and Yuzuru from the Yamai twins Obviously it is a Harem, but again she is the typical character the will probably end up with the MC. I agree with you 100% that she is a tsundere, she shares some similarities with Taiga as well, but Taiga was a complete B---- at some points ( I hated Taiga as well, but I like Touka more then her) In the last episode I watched she was eating a pillow because she was about to pass out from starvation...granted I did chuckle but it's like really? Also Origami is probably my second if not my favorite in the show next to Kurami. Unfortunately she is that female character who we all know will not end up with the MC in the end, but hell who knows, they writers might throw that curve ball like they did in "Shuffle" 

 After finishing this i had a lot of problems with the ending. They never give Origami any saticfaction at all. The last you see of her in episode 10 is when she is in the Arms of Kaguya with her last words of "Shido" They don't even make mention of her even after everything is alright! Touka went up in my book, her powers are really cool and she grew on me. Miku now is the most annoying in my opinion. Kurumi is still best girl though. I look forward to the movie. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Kurumi is still best girl though. That is exactly what I got out of this season, too! And last season as well. Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I look forward to the movie. Me too! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Characters that deserve more love in this series definitely include Origami, Mana, and Rene in my opinion. At first I found Miku extremely annoying, but when Miku talks about her back story either in the 9th or 10th episode, her respect in me grew a tad bit... 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 Originally Posted by Lenin the Great Characters that deserve more love in this series definitely include Origami, Mana, and Rene in my opinion. At first I found Miku extremely annoying, but when Miku talks about her back story either in the 9th or 10th episode, her respect in me grew a tad bit... Agreed on both points. 

 Was tohka the only one shido named??? The others had names already right? Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Looking forward to the movie that is for sure, this seasons focused a bit to much on characters I weren't overally fond of. I kind of just wished they kept the cast from last season and just had them face another issue or the issue of this season. I agree with posts above that so many characters were really left out this time. 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 I really loved this anime; the concept was simple so it was easy to understand, the animation was smooth and nearly flawless, the characters are well-designed, especially the Spirits in their Spirit forms, and the story was interesting to boot. I didn't like when they decided to push how cute they could make their characters, to the point where it was annoying; like Tohka being overly childish or Yoshino crying too much... Otherwise, the fight scenes are awesome and it's a great show. And the dub is weird, I wouldn't recommend it unless if you prefer dubs over subs. 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
 Has the date for the ova/movie been announced yet? I almost forgot about this show. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 A movie's coming out? First time i've heard this, Loved this show! Only re-watched a few episodes yesterday. But I have to say Origami and Kurumi are my favourite characters, Wish they were featured more then they were. 
 Originally Posted by Bopper A movie's coming out? First time i've heard this, Loved this show! Only re-watched a few episodes yesterday. But I have to say Origami and Kurumi are my favourite characters, Wish they were featured more then they were. Watch the last show of season 2. Its at the end of the credits. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Watch the last show of season 2. Its at the end of the credits. Really? I'm gunna go do that right now, Thanks! 
 Originally Posted by Bopper Really? I'm gunna go do that right now, Thanks! Yep no date was announced though. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Nowwww u get me reminded as well. Totally forgotten. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 OVA just came out...Kurumi...Wedding Dress...go watch now! 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai OVA just came out...Kurumi...Wedding Dress...go watch now! Cool! Thanks 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Kurumi and Yoshino are my favorites in the show Kurumi is a badass who has the greatest power, and Yoshino's cuteness level is off the charts. Honestly, seeing Yoshino in the picture is what made me start watching it. The character design is god-tier, but Yoshino's is really over the edge Usually, being a yandere is supposed to lose points on my scale, but Kurumi is the only one who pulls it off and makes me like her more The story isn't a masterpiece by any means, but should you really expect one from a Harem anime? I hated Tohka. She's so damn clingy and childish. Pretty? Yea, but ugh...... She pissed me off every other moment she was on screen 
 When is it gonna hit funimation? I haven't found it in English yet. @kylesar1 - I agree with your points except tohka. I'm a sucker for romantic leads. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I've watched the OVA, To be honest I didn't really like it..Also when I watched it the english subtitles didn't make much sense so I had to make some of it out myself.. xD 

 Originally Posted by Bopper I've watched the OVA, To be honest I didn't really like it..Also when I watched it the english subtitles didn't make much sense so I had to make some of it out myself.. xD I probably watched the same one that you did...those subtitles were TERRIBLE!!! 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I probably watched the same one that you did...those subtitles were TERRIBLE!!! More then likely ! But overall the OVA Was kind of a waste of time..Nothing much really happened o.O 

 Originally Posted by Bopper More then likely ! But overall the OVA Was kind of a waste of time..Nothing much really happened o.O True. really no story, however if you love Kurumi like I do, it gave me everything I wanted. Side note: The Movie will come out Summer 2015, confirmed. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai True. really no story, however if you love Kurumi like I do, it gave me everything I wanted. Side note: The Movie will come out Summer 2015, confirmed. Woah a movie too!!!! Sweet . Thanks. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Thanks for the movie update. I love kurumi!! Esp the non-yandere one XD. Really sorry for her not able to reach an understanding with herselves 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I just finished the ova. Its nothing spectacular but it was nice and sweet. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
