http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154121-Anime-you-hate-but-everyone-else-likes
[Anime] Anime you hate but everyone else likes
 I usually don't care much about how good or bad something is, I let it slide and I continue watching. There may be a few cliche parts, but like a said earlier, I don't mind. HOWEVER, when I started watching watamote, I gave up maybe halfway through. I was so excited for this anime, but when I got in I was a little disappointed. After the first episode I said, "ok whatever I will continue to see if it gets better." No it didn't. It was the same decent stuff. I feel as if I saw it before. I gave up on watching it at 5 or 6 maybe. i don't want to point out all the negatives though, because I'm a niceish person. The opening is amazing! It is hardcore! Also people can relate to the main character (was her name tomoko or something like that?) maybe the reason I didn't like it is because I couldn't relate. There were a few funny moments. I did enjoy the reference to death note. i got bored of the show and ended up stopping. some other anime I don't like but are really popular: naruto one piece pokemon (Basically any popular anime that have a lot of episodes and filler episodes that repeat every arch) Now what are some animes or mangas that you didn't like but everyone else likes. 
 I don't hate them, but I don't fine myself interested in Naruto and One Piece. Iv'e watched both shows here and there, I just couldn't get into them. Some anime that I really didn't like were.. Afro Samurai- For whatever reason it tends to be a well liked one. Chobits- Was an interesting concept, but it just wasn't for me. I decided to finish it though for the heck of it. Sword Art Online- Way to many time skips That's all I can really think of atm 
 Attack On Titan. I'm sorry, i just feel like other animes have captured its main themes more effectively, while being much more interestingly paced. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 SAO- All I get from that is virtual reality and terrible quasi, soap opera romanticism. Soul Eater- I feel that most of the show's characters are just very cliche and their personalities are simply uninspiring, shallow, and generally to the point where I just don't care about them. I've gotten the impression that they were trying too hard to make many of the characters seem interesting, and it appeared transparent to me. It was an interesting concept though, I'll give em that. One Piece- I find this show too silly and goofy for me to take it seriously. Most of the characters are absurd and just irritating and the story is so boring and generic. Most fans of this show, always say that "It gets better further in the series!" ...yeah if a show needs to take that long to "get good" then **** it. Also, I would not be surprised if this thread turned into a fan boy, flame war. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Not at all a fan of Baccano or Sailor Moon. 
 
 Somewhere in between a lot to all of them. 
 I'll probably get a lot of hate for this but... Trigun. I just couldn't find it interesting enough to keep watching, 
 Death Note - People ***** about how Light is so ****ing smart than any other anime characters. makes my blood boil. SAO - The fighting scenes were good so as the scenery and setting. The plot is too simple (Let's beat the game and get out of here! and marry this chick!). Log Horizon is far more interesting and complex. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Yeah, Naruto, One Piece and Pokemon are pretty straightforward. They would have been appealing if I were a 7-11 year old. Definitely don't like these. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 for me, it's Attack on Titan, I never got what the hype was, and was never interested in it myself. 

 I was never really big on Pokemon Sailor Moon wasn't one of my childhood animes and since I can't get that nostalgic feel that everyone seems to have I'm not really interested. There are only certain arcs in Bleach that I like otherwise I'm not that into it. I didn't like Black Lagoon. 

 FLCL- I didn't like the style of comedy in it. It was so stupid and to have a whole series based off of this comedy annoyed me. Chobits- An anime about a college age student's relationship with a humanoid computer that looks like a 10 year old. Nope. SAO- Gradually starting to dislike. I really don't have the will to watch it anymore. And many more among others. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 DBZ post cell saga. Still think DB is the overall better show... 

 Originally Posted by Kid A DBZ post cell saga. Still think DB is the overall better show... ^ I agree with this. Btw that Yusuke sign is awesome hahaha. I don't like Kore Wa Zombie Desu Ka. A lot of my friends seem to love it so much, but I can't even get past the first 5 episodes. Too much tasteless ecchi for my liking. 

 Originally Posted by Raffee ^ I agree with this. Btw that Yusuke sign is awesome hahaha. I don't like Kore Wa Zombie Desu Ka. A lot of my friends seem to love it so much, but I can't even get past the first 5 episodes. Too much tasteless ecchi for my liking. lol, thanks. Just curious, what show is yours from? I like the design. 

 Looks like .hack/sighn I'm not sure if anyone else likes it but i didn't care for avenger. Layla just really wasn't a great protagonist 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I posted in these types of threads many times, so I'm gonna answer it in a different way this time around. Let's just say if someone's watched/liked list looks something like the following, I don'y even bother replying to the thread or giving that person suggestions in general. SAO DBZ Pokémon Elfen Lied Howl's Moving Castle FMA(the original series) Ect(well you get the point) Lets face it, if all/most of the anime they have watched are abominations of mankind(and they watched a bunch of anime, It's not like they only watched one anime), they're pretty much a lost cause at that point. 
 Eureka Seven 
 Naruto and Dragonball Z. I have friend who loves Naruto but I just couldn't get into it. Dragonball Z is another one I don't really like; I prefer the original Dragonball. Z just doesn't have the charm of the original. 
 Black Butler both series, Code geass both series. Black Butler: I couldn't connect with the character, THe white haired kid despised him for some reason he really ticked me off. but we all have that character in some anime we watch we don't like, but when it's a frequently seen character I can't do it. Code Geass: I didn't really like the story from what I saw of it I didn't really enjoy the animation tbh simple as that for me nor did I like the main character, Lelouch Lamperouge. 

 gundam series, though i like anime with robots but this is one series i can't bring myself to like it and i don't even know why. 
samsung robot vacuum
 SAO. I tried to watch it, and just didn't like it. I didn't connect with any of the characters, the action didn't seem that great to me, and the plot was okay, but I wasn't compelled to watch more. The music's really pretty, looking on the bright side. I would recommend .Hack more. It had more intrigue. 
 Durarara. I don't really hate this one, but I've tried watching it plenty of times and just can't get hooked. It just doesn't appeal to me I guess. 
 I tried to enjoy Naruto best as I can but god it was boring it had all of the stereotypical anime cliche 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Any of the newer animes that lure you in with a semi decent good story(Strike Blood), then BAM! out of nowhere, here comes the ****ing harem themes out the ass. Can we just get a anime out there that doesn't have to be meant for a 12 year old boy to jerk off to!? 
