http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159649-Which-shows-deserve-another-season
[Anime] Which shows deserve another season?
 So which shows deserve another seasons? I can think of two right now: Aesthetica of a rogue hero Btooom Dude just remembered Spice and Wolf!!! I would have added highschool dxd but it was renewed for this year. Even though it ended well I'd love more shows from familiar of zero. Which shows would you like more of? 
 Last edited by yoda313; 01-08-2015 at 06:33 AM. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Deadman wonderland Air Ah my goddess Ghost hunt Btoom Accell world Melody of oblivion 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Deadman Wonderland Kiss x sis Elfen lied Black Bullet Karneval No game no life No 6 Love stage Seikon no qwaser Makai Ouji Devils and Realist 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Kingdom(this is very likely gonna get another season, but was put on hold due to them picking up a super high quality, yet much shorter series, I'm sure you all know what anime I'm talking about, so once they finish that awesome side track, they'll go back to Kingdom. After almost 3 years non-stop work on Kingdom, I'm sure the people working on it needed a small breather afterall) Twelve Kingdoms(The series was originally gonna cover all the novels, and stories, but midway through development, they changed their mind), while this being a Pierrot anime makes it a possibility, the odds it will be finished, is super low. Saiunkoku Monogatari(It was made by mad, and It's a Shoujo, needless to say, It's not gonna happen sigh) 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 There is two shows I would like to see another season of; Watamote and Soul Eater. However, I am not sure if there's enough of the Watamote manga to merit a second season. For Soul Eater, it's not so much I want them to make another season, but I'd like them to reboot it where the anime deviated from the manga. I would love to see Crona be the villain he/she was suppose to be in the anime. 
 Gunsmith Cats only ran 3 episodes. It needs a full season. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 ERGO PROXY: Why? The way it ended just left so much open for future seasons. I wanna what became of Romdo. I wanna see how Vincent will develop further given the way his arc went. And I wanna see how certain beings will respond to what happens at the end of the series. (trying not to spoil anything) Ergo Proxy is really good imo. It's one of my favourite shows but it did leave me gasping for more. What's the likelihood? Not very high I fear. Ergo Proxy is rather unpopular. Mostly because the characters are not immedaitely accessible and because you need to be very intellectually minded to understand the references and the subtext. It's a very niche show and therefor lacks popularity which is probably why a second season was never even announced, I still deeply treasure that first season though. SHIGURUI Why? This Madhouse adaptation of arguably the greatest manga series of all time was absolutely fantastic but it only adapted roughly a third of the oringinal series and therefor also lacks anything ven remotely similar to an ending. In other words they need to finish the series and adapt the other two thirds. Hell they even have a brilliant starting point as the show left of right before the manga's most defining moment which would make for one heel of a premiere episode to season 2. What's the likelihood? Not very high either. Most people I talk to have never even heard of Shigurui. However this does actually standa decent chance as the director of Shigurui later went on to make a much more popular series called...Steins Gate. So they could make a second season to Shigurui and then promote it on his name alone. GHOST IN THE SHELL - SAC Why: Because the show never got a proper finale. Instead it got a movie which, while pretty good, was more like a bridge between the second and a third season that to this date has not been produced. And imo the hsow needs this third season. There's just so many more stories that can be told with these characters and many more themes that van be explored. To be honest I never really got why this third season was never produced. Ghost in the Shell is one of the most popular anime frachises ever with a gigantic extremely vocal fanbase as well as being very wellr eceived by critics. And the movie did very wellwith both fans and critics alike as well so there shoudl by all right have been a third season. What;s the likelihood? Depsite it's overwhelming popularity: not very high. Production I.G. made the dreadful mistake of rebooting the series with Tow Ubakata at the helm. Now I'm not saying that this reboot is bad because I haven't seen it yet. (though from what I understand Ubakata single handedly ruined Psycho Pass's second season so I wouldn't be surprised. But with this reboot in place it's extremely unlikely they'll ever return to the universe of SAC. BERSERK Why? The Berserk anime series was very well received and is really popular. Just look at the reactions on forums when someone hates on the show people go well...berserk. (okay that was a really bad pun sorry) Yet the show only adapted the prologue of the massive fantasy manga series. I believe they should do it all over again but this time as the very first long running seinen series. I believe if they do it well and stick to the manga as closely as possible this could have the same popularity as Bleach, Naruto or One Piece have. Not by the same audience of course but I believe the wordl is ready for a long running seinen show and that hsow should be Berserk. What's the likelihood? Really sad to say but probably not gonna happen. The Golden Age Arc which was also covered by the tv show recently got adpated into three movies all of which were poorly received as they condensed the manga to such an extend that you had to have read the manga to even have a ckue what was going on. As such the world's probably done with Berserk for now. But who knows maybe in ten years? Or you know in like fifty year or so when Berserk is actually finished (yeah like that's gonna happen) RAGE OF BAHAMUT: GENESIS Why: Because I want more and as vast and extensive as the world is there is much more to see I'm sure. Also the kind of standalone story that season one presented easilly makes for a second season as the could just come up with a whole new adventure that Favaro and Kaisar could embark upon. What's the likelihood? Pretty high I would say. The show was really well received by both fans and critics alike. The only problem though could be it's fairly limited popularity as the show had the misfortune of coming out in the smae year as the highly anticipated Unlimited Blade Works as well as the very very very long awaited anime adaptation of the highly popular manga Parasyte which kind of made this show fall through the cracks. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Uchuu Kyoudai. Just watched it really good I want to see the rest of it so much. 

 Originally Posted by Kerberos BERSERK What's the likelihood? Really sad to say but probably not gonna happen. Whether it's a desirable outcome or not is another matter, but I think it's at least plausible that we'll get a continuation of the film series within the next couple of years. I don't know what the numbers were like, but their critical reception was not universally poor, particularly for the third film. Some of the characters and plot developments omitted from the tv series also made an appearance, so there isn't the same barrier to continuing the story this time either. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 I agree with pretty much a majority of these picks.. Here's mine Ergo Proxy K Cowboy Bebop Accel world Btooom! Afro Samurai Hunter x Hunter 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 I'm kind of surprised no one has said Attack on Titan. I thought I remembered there being a thread about a people wanting a third season of that show not too long ago on here. 
 Originally Posted by David the Gnome I'm kind of surprised no one has said Attack on Titan. I thought I remembered there being a thread about a people wanting a third season of that show not too long ago on here. Pretty sure that's still gonna happen. Idk if it's in production yet. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Another season of AoT was recently confirmed for 2016. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Originally Posted by Kerberos ERGO PROXY I understand where you're coming from here, but to be honest, I thought the ending was perfect; everyone's, particularly Vincent Law's story arc had been concluded, so unless they can get someone extremely skilled in writing to craft more episodes; I'd like to keep this one as is. If handled wrong it could end up as one of those sequel series that tainted the show. Originally Posted by Kerberos SHIGURUI While I found Shigurui to be considerably self-indulgent at times, I have to agree with more episodes, but more of an OVA series, or even a movie just to wrap up some of the loose ends to bring the time line up to date and of course; conclude that highly anticipated climactic battle between the main characters. Originally Posted by Kerberos BERSERK I'm under the impression there will be at least six more movies coming out, at least I'm under the impression that's what the original plan is for this series. Despite the condensed versions of the Golden Age movies and some of the awful CG animation employed, I still had fun watching them; especially with the third movie touching on the Skull Knight. Here's hoping that they proceed with the original plans to continue, but with better animation this time. Now for my picks: Spice & Wolf - Yes it has been mentioned, but this series is great, the dynamic between Holo and Lawrence along with their characterization has more growth and development it can undergo; and honestly; I find their onscreen chemistry irresistible. High School of the Dead - Yes, there are always rumors of them making more, but the fact is that there is nothing official as of yet. This is a shame because this is one of my top favorite shows for its grind house approach, gorgeous art and animation, well choreographed action, well integrated fan service and its overarching thematic concepts that touch on the erosion of structure and order in a society in times of disaster. What? Did you think it's merely about zombies, guns and T&A? Why do you think the narrative started at a school? A place where structure and discipline are learned and taught, and the teachers; the ones who convey and enforce these ideals are the first ones to be infected. While each character had a moment of developmental catharsis I do think there's more than can be done with them as characters. Not to mention story development, perhaps an answer as to how and why in regards to the zombie infection; is it a biological weapon? Simply a plague? Basically, there's a ton of potential to be had here if the series is written consistantly and with care. Puella Magi Madoka Magica - I've seen Rebellion, I adore it, I think it;s a great movie, the art alone is an orgasmic spectacle, it gives the viewer a glimpse of what the series would be like as a "normal" magical girl anime and it's a great character piece for Homura, however; with how it ended, I strongly feel that it needs a fourth movie to conclude it because the issue I have with Rebellion as much as I like it is that it feels like half a story. If a sequel does get made, the possibilities with where it could go are practically limitless. I was going to say Attack on Titan, but I keep hearing that a new season is in development and the manga should be ending shortly. 
 Last edited by Trypticon; 01-09-2015 at 11:17 AM. 
 
 I'd like to see more seasons for Deadman wonderland, Btooom!, Elfen Lied, and although others would disagree I would also like to see another season of Infinite Stratos. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Terra formars. 
 Forgot to mention rosario + vampire and ah my buddha 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I would like to see another season of sakurasou - but knowing that the light novels basically turn boring afterwards makes me want to keep my favourite anime pure. If I had to say, I would suggest "no game, no life" - it was hilarious. Alternatively, there are a bunch of great rom coms that deserve another shot. I also liked Elfen Lied, despite it being short. So yiy. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 I've got another one: Angel beats! I don't think its been mentioned. Maybe not a season but an ova? Something to add some closure to it 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I would freaking love to see another season of Angel Beats. I would desperately love some closure on that story. I also have to second the continuation of High School of the Dead. When I first watched that I couldn't believe they left off where they did. That show was only just getting started and then it was just over with our heroes left completely hanging. 
 Angel Beats Highschool of the Dead Highschool DxD (the manga is kinda boring) Deadman Wonderland (planning on reading the manga at some point. A diamond in the rough is what this show is.) Death Note could have a back story show of L Yugioh Season 0 Bleach kinda just ended the anime even though the manga is still going. Danganronpa: The Animation (It's based off of a video game and they made an actual second game. I don't think they will make a second season but it would be awesome if they would.) 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Oda Nobuna no Yabou SamuMenco Daily Lives of Highschool Boys Dansai Bunrio No Crime Edge Outbreak Company Sekai Seifuku: Bouryaku no Zvezda Hoozuki no Reitetsu Noragami Tonari no Seki-kun Kyokai no Kanata Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei Ryuugajou Nanana no Maizoukan Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki Kun Majimoji Rurumo 
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo Highschool of the Dead Ha! You dirty boy you... But I do agree with that pick... 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Now that the Manga has ended I would love to see a concluding series for Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple. 

 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Ha! You dirty boy you... But I do agree with that pick... To be 100% honest the boobs and fan service aren't the reason why I love highschool of the Dead. I just think it's a bada** show with some cool bada** characters. The boobs that come along with it is like that free orange juice you get with breakfast. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
