http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144193-Your-Best-Feature/page4
 Your Best Feature? - Page 4
 I wish I was taller. *sigh* I'm only 5'1. 
 Psychically I really love my eyebrows. They're big and such. Mentally my care for humanity and living things in general. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 My hair. That's pretty much it, not that that I dislike myself but it's usually what pops out the most because it's waist long. 
 Last edited by OverTheMemories; 10-25-2013 at 07:06 PM. 
 physical- Probably my hair in my opinion because i find it fun to cosplay and my medium length black hair makes it 100x's easier to do so Mental- May ability to care but then also not give a F$^k, and my endless tolerance (thou just because i can stand something unpleasant doesn't mean i will) 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 I personally think my eyes are my best feature. They're green, which is my favorite color. 
 Physically, I think my smile... and mentally, I'm a total old soul. LOL 
 Not sure if I responded to this yet: my hair, eyes, smile, my height. =) 
 
 Ummm... Sigh, I don't think I have a good feature, but many say I do. Lol, I struggle to believed them, you never know who is greasing you up nowadays. But, I have to say, I wish I had blue eyes, I love blue. Blue and black are awesome! 
Fist Pump All The Way To The Fridge!!!!!!! WWWOOOOAAAHHH 
 My heart/mind. 
 Don't have one . I'm the devil , but seriously I don't know maybe that I can listen to people talking . 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Don't have one . I'm the devil , but seriously I don't know maybe that I can listen to people talking . Actually that is a virtue. So long as you don't let others monopolize a conversation. Sometimes for me I just either don't know when to jump in or I'm trying to be too polite and not interrupt. Also depends on whether or not I have anything I can contribute in the conversation. That's when I'll probably try to change the subject to something I can actually converse on. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Don't have one . I'm the devil , but seriously I don't know maybe that I can listen to people talking . That's a lie, you have a beautiful personality& smile 
 your heart looks delicious she says licking her lips as her kamikaze fists crash into floating ribs I stare at you the way you stare at your mirror so please show me no mercy don't be a soft assassin I scream though I'm laughing inside I know you can't destroy me but you're adorable when you try
 Originally Posted by MephalaWhisper That's a lie, you have a beautiful personality&amp; smile I would also agree with this. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 @Yoda313 and @MephalaWhisper . Thanks you're making me blush .... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 @Yoda313 and @MephalaWhisper . Thanks you're making me blush .... just returning the favor Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 just returning the favor Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk What favor ? 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 What favor ? oh sorry shouldn't have posted that I guess.... Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 oh sorry shouldn't have posted that I guess.... Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk Now you're just confusing me ... my head is spinning now ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Check your pm, sorry Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 My hair (long, auburn), height (slim, 5'9"), and (typically) modest attitude. Usually, I wouldn't praise myself in a post. 
 skype: takkune07 
 My eyes, which are one of the very few things I like about my appearence. But out of personality traits, I guess I'd have to say my love of people. I love people. 
 ​"If a little scratch thrills you this much...You're going to love the real blood." - Kenshin Battosai.  Spoiler My Favourite Manga: Rurouni Kenshin, Ranma 1/2, Bleach, Hunter x Hunter. My Favourite Anime: Sword Art Online, Blue Exorcist, Say "I Love You", Upotte! 
 My lips and probably my hair. 
 A lot of people think my facial expressions are funny and that my eyes are beautiful (despite me being a guy). I guess those are good things. As far as my personality features, most of them are the result of understanding, accepting, and just being myself. I don't really know what my best features are except that if a woman is looking for something in a guy's personality, I most likely have it. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Physically, not much... I don't have "the body" or "the looks". I'm 25, 6 foot 1 inch, and 145 lbs. I'm not a looker and don't know what my gf sees in me, but am glad she see's it. Mentally, I'm probably one of the most open minded people and kindest natured person around. I love to help people, give them advice, and listen to them and what they have to say... Even if no one "wants" to listen to them. 
My anime list: http://www.anime-planet.com/users/ooJINXoo 
 Physically: I look scary. I have that look that says get the hell out of my way if we pass on the street and I've got the mass and the claws to do the damage. Mentally: The ability to overcome my personal appearance to make people feel at ease around me. Comes in handy at conventions. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
