http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141650-How-popular-well-known-are-you-on-A4/page6
[General Discussion] How popular/well-known are you on A4? - Page 6
 Originally Posted by Gamma Most of you haven't got the slightest idea who I am. And I'm ok with this. I plan to be more active soon. Soon as my life decides to settle out. I know who you are. That's all that matters. ::high five:: 
 Originally Posted by The Archangel @ Ms. BloodyFallen: Red is always carefree cuz he's always drunk. The mods are the most popular on A4 as you're either friends with them or.....you just plain cower in fear of them. What I think you meant to say was... They just plain cower in fear of me. Never seen TotalChaos or Lizard :s Thats 3 in this thread so far. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Someday When I get the time. I hope to become a little famous for having the best Anime reviews by re-making a lot of the old ones I did to match the quallity of my new ones. Like the pictures and short videos. The slightly better grammar lol. I know at least 10 of my old ones I spotted that should not even be there because Its so short and stuff that I remember only getting it done because back then I just wanted to have "more" reviews rather then better ones then anyone else lol. I got about 10 new anime I want to review and Want to get to 100 within a year or so. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Pured What I think you meant to say was... They just plain cower in fear of me. Why would anyone fear such A sweet kid like you Pured??? Or...Shadow Fox for that matter. You guys are too awesome. May I go on ? 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Someday When I get the time. I hope to become a little famous for having the best Anime reviews by re-making a lot of the old ones I did to match the quallity of my new ones. Like the pictures and short videos. The slightly better grammar lol. I know at least 10 of my old ones I spotted that should not even be there because Its so short and stuff that I remember only getting it done because back then I just wanted to have "more" reviews rather then better ones then anyone else lol. I got about 10 new anime I want to review and Want to get to 100 within a year or so. Speaking about reviews :L I have seen some and they aren't even reviews! They are more like retelling of the story with no opinion XD Its so disappointing that the mods let them through :c 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Speaking about reviews :L I have seen some and they aren't even reviews! They are more like retelling of the story with no opinion XD Its so disappointing that the mods let them through :c You trying to say i'm a good story teller? Thank you <3 @Arch, I'm too sweet, that it annoys them. I wonder if people would classify me as the most annoying person on a4 rofl. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Don't really know. Don't really care either. I try my best to stimulate discussion. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Originally Posted by Pured You trying to say i'm a good story teller? Thank you <3 I have never read your reviews before, can't say Pured :P 
 
 Took me a while to make the connection there (and it doesn't even involve me). 
  Spoiler 
 @ProtomanX no i did not in fact disapper you are thinking of someone else. 
 If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. --Lao Tzu 9/10/13-R.I.P Hitler dono #Nazisstaydead 
 Now this is really interesting reading some of the comments here. I dont need attention and being famous isnt my thing , i try to be myself and thats all what is important for me. But i will be never able to understand @protoman@ i wish i could not see his comments , make me eyes always red seeing his splendid reactions on this forum. 
 
 This never gets old. Unlike the show, which has now gotten old. And lame. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 #1 famous star 

 I don't know who I am. 
 Originally Posted by 3506592 I don't know who I am. Well this is going to get highly awkward and make me curious to why you think that o-o 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Well this is going to get highly awkward and make me curious to why you think that o-o The Guy who got his username fuqed up. That's who he is! 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by DrexzkrisExoiS The Guy who got his username fuqed up. That's who he is! Its not fuqqed up - its so bloody special, us normal humans can't decode it. 
 
 Eh. I'm less active as the days go on. I still pop in every couple days to check stuff, but otherwise I doubt that I'm very known at all. Besides, that the constant username changing for a while didn't help. I do notice the regulars and mods and usually take note of their comments a little more over others as there is often more wit to them. 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Well this is going to get highly awkward and make me curious to why you think that o-o Well, I'm still a noob. :I Originally Posted by DrexzkrisExoiS The Guy who got his username fuqed up. That's who he is! Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Its not fuqqed up - its so bloody special, us normal humans can't decode it. You guys are silly. 
 Originally Posted by 3507094 Well, I'm still a noob. :I You guys are silly. Perfect example of someone trying to get his post count up by any means, learn from this my friends, and make sure that you do not attempt this as well. Good day to you all. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Perfect example of someone trying to get his post count up by any means, learn from this my friends, and make sure that you do not attempt this as well. Good day to you all. Wait o-o Isn't he just answering to things related to him XD? 
 
 You mean spamming ? :I I didn't know replying to a question could be counted as spam. 
 Originally Posted by 3507100 You mean spamming ? :I I didn't know replying to a question could be counted as spam. Not spamming - just post counts. apparently :L I thinks..*waddles off eating Pocky* 
 
 Let me rephrase that. I don't know who I am or what I could be on this forum seeing as I just joined. I'm an unknown figure so of course I am not 'internet famous' or 'A4 famous' but I could definitely get known for doing certain things that others don't, or for having certain habits. Just as well I could get known for something negative. Whatever the case, I already started giving out my first impressions, so we'll see. Is this good enough for you, Taќeshi ? Even though I had no idea what you meant in the first place, hah ha. Let me know. 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Not spamming - just post counts. apparently :L I thinks..*waddles off eating Pocky* Not necessarily, you could tell that he was just trying to get his post count up from the moment he posted in this thread with a meaningless post that had absolutely nothing to do with the topic whatsoever, not trying to get side tracked from the topic but since he's a newbie he should try and post something that's relevant to the current topic. Perfect example of what not to post ladies and gentlemen. Originally Posted by 3506592 I don't know who I am. 
