http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159110-Jurassic-World
 Jurassic World
 Originally Posted by goji2099 That by definition makes it a bad film. It's pretty insulting to everyone who works their asses off learning a craft to hear 'Oh, well, I don't care about that..." No, making movies is a craft. If you don't respect the craft, you don't respect the craftsman. Okay, so I don't respect the craftsman. Fair enough. I don't always get uptight about these things if it entertains me. Originally Posted by goji2099 Asking that film do the bare minimum to be technically proficient is hardly being snobbish. And enjoying something because it's entertaining is hardly shallow. It's a simple taste, a simple pleasure, but not necessarily shallow. I didn't like the look of Jurassic World not because of the 'camera angles' or the lighting or... whatever. I simply did not like it because it looks stupid to me, in my perspective. And I refer you back to my statement where I said that personal perspectives can differ from one individual experience to another. Originally Posted by goji2099 Pretty much. Mostly because accepting low quality trash is what essentially accounts for the shallow, mediocre, artistically bankrupt films of today. Which is contradictory to me, because I hardly pay for these mediocre, artistically bankrupt films made today, so I have no idea what you're going on about. Originally Posted by goji2099 Yeah, again, we aren't talking about high quality stuff here. I'm not asking for every film to be some thoughtful, existential art piece. I'm talking about BASIC competence. Doesn't matter. Not my point anyway. My point wasn't that Friday the 13th is competent or not in terms of filmmaking. My point was that I personally enjoyed it for some reason, and so do millions of people worldwide. My point was that movies and art aren't math equations of factual objectivity; our feelings towards them should be taken into account as well. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
