http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159791-Assassin-15
 Assassin 15
 Assassin 15 Main Character: name: Sazuyari Weight: 153 ibs Height:5'10 Hair length/Colour : down to shoulder, black. Age: 16 Setting: This story is set in a world where an organization of assassins are completely un benounced to the world Sazuyari is part of this organization, The organization has 1000 assasins in there ranks. there is a ranking system in the organization that sets the best assassins from those who are pathetic and weak those assassins are the ones in small towns, the way the ranking system works is the better the assassin you are the lower number of city you live in and receive assassinations based in that city. the harder people to kill are in the highest ranked city's (1 being the highest and 1000 being the lowest) the very best assassins are usually those from rank 20 and below but there is a single group of assassins who are stronger then those in the ranking system they are known only as the Guard squad, they are always with the organizations leader. Sazuyari coming straight out of an assassins academy is an incredible assassin right from the start and the organizations leader decides to put him straight into the rank of assassin 15 a spot that had recently opened up due to the previous assassin who occupied city 15 dying due to being caught by a mobster. Sazuyari is a elemental, the elementals control specific elements such as light water fire grass lightning earth darkness wind and when all are combined they create the element called life, when a elemental kills another elelmental they obtain control over that element too. Sazuyari is a elemental of darkness, or what normal people would call him, a reaper his weapon of choice is a scythe that can shoot jagged metal fragments at his enemies, also lower ranked assassins can kill a higher ranked assassin to rank up to that rank. so the assassins ranked 20 or higher are always on their toes. The story starts off light hearted when Sazuyari is told he will be assassin 15 he is pleased with this news and intends to start as fast as possible, but unfortunately for him he is 16 and needs to attend normal high school, he hates the idea and insists that he should not have to but is forced to anyway, so he decides he will go to school do his work and talk to no one, make no friends and be a fly on the wall, within the first 20 minutes he had a girl named Nayomi (the biggest chatterbox) in his ear the whole time on his first day and she just so happened to be his neighbour, The story takes place through Sazuyari's eyes after his first day he goes to lay down and his phone rings he simply answers with "what do you want" and a very low snickering voice will give him the details of his first assassination, where he will have to track down and kill the mobster who murdered the previous assassin 15 Sazuyari grins evilly and responds "mission accepted" he then walks to his closet and opens a secret compartment behind the button down shirts hanging inside, that reveals a black scythe with red writing on it that said: "Scythe of 3000 pains" and a black leather coat, he puts the coat on and grabs the scythe with a titans grip, then proceeds to smile confidently placing a mask over the bottom half of his face making it so you could only see the bridge of his nose and his eyes, he walked over to his window opened it and jumped out, he leaped roof to roof with blistering speed, in no time at all he was on the roof of the warehouse his target was in he blended in to night sky almost invisible he looked through a sky light seeing his target he took action leaping into the air he prepared his scythe, being an elemental his power is nearly un-rivalled and besides Sazuyari was different from other assassins... he loved destruction, his scythe started to glow with dark aura his eyes eyes looked like a man crazed by power or... a demon Sazuyari Screamed "SLASH OF 1000 PAINS!" ans swung his scythe towards the warehouse a light flickered then fallowed a huge explosion the warehouse was turned to ash but the mobster was untouched. The mobster looked around frantically trying to piece together what had just happened when he felt a jolt then excruciating Pain he looked down and saw a long curved black blade stuck into his abdomen then weakly looked up and muttered "w-wh-who are you" he met Sazuyari's eyes and he replied "just someone who likes to see blood when ending a life".... - Chapter one end! - hope you like more coming later. 
 Last edited by GambadoGames; 01-22-2015 at 11:18 AM. 
