http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159969-BlackLivesMatter-Dartmouth-College-Course
 #BlackLivesMatter Dartmouth College Course
 Originally Posted by Tenken You know, most liberal arts schools already have a diversity requirement. I had to take one too when I was in college and took an interesting philosophy elective "contemporary moral problems" to fit the bill. It's not like courses like these are anything new. That said, I find it silly it's supposedly so interdisciplinary with math and geography and contains poetry. I question what can actually be accomplished with such a class. At the very least, with the one I took, it applied some of the traditional moral theories you learned to discussions on things like abortion, welfare, crime, etc. I'd love to look at the recent issues through a Nietzschean lens for example, because I doubt most viewpoints would escape unscathed. I feel like there's a strong tendency towards feeling victimized, right or wrongly, and starting to resent the other side. I feel that state legislatures have been driving this bus one way for a long while and that is to be honest where most of the decisions will be made on these things (Michigan for example is talking of reinstitution of the death penalty for people who kill cops). As a corollary to that, I also kind of wonder if we're exploding with information overload these days. Misremember facts, social narratives, and twitter to drive it all. Even engineering schools require that every student take so many credits worth of humanities and "current issues" courses. We've entered loopy land in MI with a Democrat suggesting the re-institution of the death penalty for people who kill cops and a Republican, who used to be a cop, actually coming out out against it. ""Occasionally, the system makes a mistake,” Jones said. “If a mistake is made, we can’t dig somebody up and say we’re sorry. If somebody’s in prison, we can release them. I’m firmly against the death penalty.”" http://www.lansingstatejournal.com/story/news/local/michigan/2015/02/05/state-senator-pushes-death-penalty-cop-killers/22952087/ Originally Posted by Grey All of that evidence should have been presented in a trial so that a jury of peers could have decided whether the officer was guilty or not. He wasn't even indicted because the prosecutor threw the case and even admitted it which immediately raises a red flag. The grand jury deal was absolutely a farce, but the reality is that the evidence showed that it wasn't worth prosecuting the officer in the first place as no crime had been committed, it was really all done in a half-hearted attempt to placate a vocal populace literally calling for the officer's head while avoiding lengthy court proceedings. Yes I think there is absolutely a significant element for corruption in this type of proceeding, and I'm really against many closed and silenced aspects of the legal system, but the reality is that the entire response was driven by the media frenzy and all of the physical evidence points to it not being worth it to try and prosecute the officer. Let's say they did go through a standard legal proceeding though, the officer is in court, all the evidence is presented, much money and legal time is expended and at the end of it all the officer is found not-guilty of commiting a crime. What then? Just like in the Trayvon Martin case the populace and media who had latched on to this narrative of racism will REJECT the verdict and claim it as further proof of a biased, and corrupt legal system that doesn't value the lives of people based on their skin color. I'm all for a more open legal system, I'm also against the media lynching whomever the mob's next target is. We've seen this in several recent cases of rape allegations that ended up being demonstrably false (yet people called for castration and imprisonment whilst harassing those being accused), the numerous cases of the media claiming to present pictures of terrorists and purpetrators which ended up being false (Boston marathon bombing etc.) and we saw it in the Trayvon Martin case where it was reported that an ethnically white man shot an ethnically black man based on race despite Zimmerman being ethnically hispanic, there being no evidence that Zimmerman was or is racist, and all the physical evidence pointing to Zimmerman acting in self-defense while being assaulted. I only bring up the ethnicity deal because it was such a goddamned important aspect of the narrative the media was desperate to shove down our throats. Again in that case Zimmerman probably shouldn't have been following Martin around, but that's not illegal, and it all of that goes out the window when it's provable that Zimmerman WAS in-fact assaulted. Again, with the Zimmerman trial you had everyone disagreeing with the jury and rejecting the verdict anyways. I actually remember asking in the CE thread on the Martin case what the point of our legal system was if everyone was going to blatantly reject legal verdicts based on whatever narrative they WANTED to believe rather than what the physical evidence TELLS us. US news media has for years been pushing hard to be part of all these social aspects to keep their 24 hour networks relevant, this has resulted in biased and blatantly false reporting. It's no longer about the facts it's about what people say and feel, look at how the news weaves in social media "critique" on every issue. The problem is that you can't tell the media to not do what they are doing because of the rare case when we actually NEED them to bring up a serious issue that wouldn't otherwise see the light of day, unfortunately they've felt that this gives them a free pass to promote narratives now and absolves them of any wrongdoings. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
