http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155857-How-Modern-Age-Has-Changed-You
[Extended Discussion] How Modern Age Has Changed You
 I've made this thread once a year for the past 3 years. I really enjoy hearing people's answers to the question. Here's mine: When I was about 13-16 years old I was against homosexual rights. The reason being was that I was raised as a Christian and expected to live by what I learned on Sunday in church. It was simply, "the devil's lifestyle" and if you were for it you were no better than the "fags that were doomed to an eternity in hell" or so that's what my church taught. As I grew older and started making educated decisions for myself, it was still hard to accept homosexuals as people that were "ok". I wondered why I had a problem with it, since it's not like it affected me personally or anything. Well, about the time I graduated high school I became agnostic for a ton of different reasons. The reasons mainly were because of the contradictions in my teachings of my supposed faith. I'm still agnostic, because I don't think it's possible to prove/disprove a supernatural not being one myself, but that's beside the point. Once I entered college, I went from a high school of less than 1,000 kids to a school with over 25,000 students (about 4 times the population of my hometown). There is where I finally realized that not only was I naive for my previous beliefs, but that I could of and probably did hurt a lot of people on my way to "going to heaven" or whatever. I'm not bashing my religion or anyone else, simply stating that I changed, and I'm glad of it. The things that specifically changed me were meeting people online who I became friends with and later realizing they were gay, contradictions in my religious teachings, and simply put "growing up maturely". I'm now about to graduate college, and I've even had a crush on one of my roommates in college at one point of the same gender. I'm glad to say that I don't have the same beliefs I used to. So, I don't want this topic to be religion bashing, or honk if you love gay people but more of if anyone else has experiences where modern age has changed them? 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
