http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117352-What-are-you-currently-watching/page108
[Anime] What are you currently watching? - Page 108
 I started watching clannad. 

 I'm watching One Piece and Blazblue Alter Memory. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Shingeki no Kyojin One Piece Naruto Shippuden Gurren Laggan 
Answer my call, Dark Spear.
 I am going through all of macross again in its correct timeline and im gonna watch the movies this time lol 
 {individual 3} - join individual 11 - join the revolution! 
 Just started watching Little Busters! on ep3 atm and so far it looks.. interesting xD 
 Blue Exorcist Fate Zero Baccano Attack on Titan Gungrave X'amd Lost Memories Code Geass R2 Paranoia Agent 
 Nichijou Highschool DxD Shingeki no Kiyojin (how do I spell this anyway?) 
 I'm watching To Aru Kagaku No Railgun S (A Certain Scientific Railgun S). Enjoying it so far. 

 Galilei Donna (Probably gonna drop) Great Teacher Onisuka with a friend but they're really dragging it out so considering watching on my own Kill la Kill Kyoukai no Kanata Kyousou Giga (Favorite this season atm) Unbreakable machine doll Non Non Biyori Noucome Phi-brain 3 Samurai Flamenco and Tokyo Ravens Considering picking up Strike for Blood too 
 Kill la kill Mirai nikki Magi: The kingdom of magic Naruto shippuden Air TV 
weee
 It's been a while since I saw it last, so I'm rewatching Kemono no souja erin, and I'm upto ep 10 atm. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 10-22-2013 at 12:23 AM. 
 Kuroko no Basuke, Code Geass, Psycho Pass, Kyoukai no Kanata, and Log Horizon 
 "Once-in-a-lifetime encounter"
 I started Darker Than Black. Mostly out of curiosity. I didn't know much about the show, so I suppose I'm hoping to be surprised. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I started Diabolik Lovers, Gintama (I think cool) and To Aru no Majutsu Index. 
 I've started watching Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan, I just finished S01E09: Gyuki's Beloved Nura Clan. 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 Just started Muv-Luv Alternate: Total Eclipse. This show is surprisingly awesome, and the OP gets you into the mood of watching it. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I've started watching Servant x Service. Seems like a fun send up of civil servants everywhere. 

 Just watched Ep 1 of BlazBlue Alter Memory, I'm liking it so far. Especially Noel. <3 
 Currently watching Coppelion. Guess it's not living up to it's hype. 
 Bleach (Episode 111) Ninja Scroll (Episode 4) Berserk (Episode 2) 
 I'm watching the 15th episode of Death Note. :3 
​
 Currently watching The Scared Blacksmith...its midevil and all. Looks interesting too, it kind of reminds me of SAO in a sense. I think I might like this anime. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Just started watching code geass: lelouch of the rebellion r2 
 I'm in the middle of watching Yu Yu Hakusho right now. 
 Currently watching the third season of Bakuman. For those who haven't seen it, I recommend it. 
