http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156228-No-Game-No-Life
[Fantasy] No Game No Life
 The story of No Game, No Life centers around Sora and Shiro, a brother and sister whose reputations as brilliant NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) hikikomori (shut-in) gamers have spawned urban legends all over the Internet. These two gamers even consider the real world as just another "crappy game." One day, they are summoned by a boy named "God" to an alternate world. There, God has prohibited war and declared this to be a world where "everything is decided by games"—even national borders. Humanity has been driven back into one remaining city by the other races. Will Sora and Shiro, the good-for-nothing brother and sister, become the "Saviors of Humanity" on this alternate world? "Well, let's start playing." 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Looks actually interesting, I will check it out when I got the time. 
  Spoiler 
 It was actually pretty good due to the leading male character not being a scared crying weakling "kira Yamato" type. Also it has some elements of Sword Art online without it being too close to it like Log Horizon (I hated Log Horizon because it tried to ride the coattails of SAO and its overuse of moe and super young target audience made it crappy) I will definitely be watching this as it gives off a more older audience feel to card game anime. 
 Heck yeah episode one was great. He shows no remorse for people he beats, and I like that. Sora is shaping up to be an awesome character, and Shiro is just as good! 

 Dat Dio reference, lol! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This show is amazing. Sure there was some fan service in this episode but hell it got serious at the end. 

 I'm finding to be more of a thinking anime than I had originally expected... which is exactly what I was hoping for! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I gotta say this is the anime to watch this season. I hope it lives up toy expectations 

 With all these JoJo references, how could I possibly not watch this show? 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 So far this show is really amazing. It pains me to wait every week. 
Check out my video's on YouTube Latest video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqBxDRRSnCo
 I'll have to check this out. I really liked sao and log horizon so this sounds great. I also want to check out btoom too. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I actually really enjoyed btooom! Shame there's no second season. 
 Originally Posted by Regnent I actually really enjoyed btooom! Shame there's no second season. That's good. I was told in another thread it was a halo fps type world. I love halo so that's why I want it on my to watch list. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 That's good you liked it. I was told in another thread it was a halo fps type world. I love halo so that's why I want it on my to watch list. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 This anime sure is amazing, i wanna watch more episodes. Eyegasm LOL . XD 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Well, ep 3 has definitely improved my opinion of the show and made it seem like it's moving away from the problematic source material in the manga, so that's good. Guess I'll stick with it further for now. 

 IMO the show is alright. Sure, it has great animation and interesting characters, but not 8.40 level on MaL. 
Anime Casuals make me: 
 All Hail King Sora!!! 

 Sora's Speech was POWERFUL!!!! It got me fired up, I am curious about some of the characters they showed during his speech though. The Animal girl who was smiling and laying on the table, and still curious about the Elf and Kurami. 

 Haha! Sora would definitely be a minion under the king! xD But since the king piece appeared for them, representing a race, does that mean that they are now representatives for Imanity in a game between races? It does say the games are played between representatives, not necessarily individuals (ie, like the pair that makes up Blank). Plus now they are going up against the rest of the 16 races... 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 The anime is fantastic because it's bold, creative, and rich with humor. The thing is, the anime also has a bit of disappointment such as labeling its MCs' as NEETs when they clearly have good social skills or relying on their generic "ultra awesome super skills of **** you" to overwrite explanations of skill involving the games the show plays. The set-up was easy to expect, of course the duo would try to challenge God later on. I'm very excited for the race wars though...oh god that sounds awful now that I look at it. So yeah, mankind has got a pair of funny, sweet leaders. I ship the MC and the princess, of course. The show is intelligent and kind, and is great at guiding us through it's kickstart pacing. Now that the real plot is about to begin, I'm insanely pumped for the show's future. I don't detect any future feels though, so I think the way ahead is safe. It's dangerous to go alone though, so take this. *tosses over a Queen chess piece* Edit: So latest ep was nicely humorous and cool. It detailed how much thought goes into simple games. Wish Steph wasn't treated so much like a freakin' carpet-bag, the gratitude she got wasn't even good enough to cover the silly BS she went through. Still shipping her and Sora. These flugels better look cool! 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 05-07-2014 at 06:48 PM. 
 That Angel...<3 also invasion of the Animal Kingdom? I would follow the King to the Animal Kingdom and...well not back I would stay amongst the Women lol. 

 SO excited for the next episode grrrrrr why does it take so long to come out . 
http://&#91;IMG]http://i335.photobucket.....gif&#91;/IMG]
 The latest episode is out. BEST. EPISODE. YET. I'm literally mindblown. I don't even know how to describe this episode. Simply amazing. I won't spoil anything, it would only ruin everything. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 FANNNSERVICE HOORAY. The nude battle is strong in this one. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
