http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?139605-Most-Disgusting-thing-you-have-ever-eaten/page4
 Most Disgusting thing you have ever eaten? - Page 4
 mushrooms feed on dead and decaying matter, feces and such. cheese and yogurt is milk with bacteria. it's just food. 
Currently listening to: SULK - End Time I wanna fade out. 
 ^He is preparing for anarchy : --- Pork is just a disgusting meat in general, let alone the inner parts. Probably deer eye. My dad would eat those like they are candy. intestines/guts probably have more nutrition then fast food xd. 
 Please tell me what makes pork a disgusting meat? Meat is meat the only reason I would not eat human meat is that it posses many health risks and there is no need or draw to it currently. 
 i just wouldn't eat undercooked pork meat. trichinosis is a *****. 
Currently listening to: SULK - End Time I wanna fade out. 
 Goal nuts is probably the most disgusting thing when you think about WHAT it is.. But the taste itself wasn´t too bad actually... Olives is the only thing I can´t stand when it comes to food, I hate the taste so much that I feel sick when I eat it!!! 
 Well , i have eaten once in my life food which is called ,,bryndzove halusky,, and it was the most creepy food i know. Is some old cheese mixed with mayonnaise and noodles. After that i was hospitalized for 2 days i hope that nobody will have to eat this horrible food. Not to mention its our national food which should be famous... Something good for your eyes :  Spoiler 
 
 Originally Posted by Vessicator i just wouldn't eat undercooked pork meat. trichinosis is a *****. Monsters inside me is scary shirt 
 Live Octopus is the weirdest thing I've eaten. The most disgusting thing would have to be Starbucks coffee infused soil mixed with water. That was on a bet with my brother. 
 Last edited by Lazmax13; 04-26-2013 at 10:24 PM. Reason: Bad spelling. 
 Signature made by Aoide.
 The most disgusting thing i ever ate was on a bet I had to eat bread topped with mustard, ketchup, sugar, baking powder, and epson salt. It tasted awful and of course it had some terrible effects on my bowels. 

