http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159555-Vegeta-vs-Hulk!
 Vegeta vs Hulk!
 That one instance of kili measurement gave away a lot more information than you are giving it credit. It gave the relative measurement of energy required to destroy a planet in the form of kili in order to give an idea of Goku and Yakon's energy output. If it takes 1 Trillion J (exemplary number) to destroy a planet--even a small one--, that means Yakon has 2.7 Trillion J, and Goku has at least 10 Trillion J of energy in SSJ1 form. It determined that Goku can destroy planets because 1, he has more than enough energy to do so, and 2, it has already been determined that ki blasts (e.g. the kamehameha wave) can destroy celestial bodies; therefore, it no longer needs to be visually shown because all the evidence is there to show that he has both the power and means to do it, but if you want to argue that Vegeta defeated Goku because he was the better martial artist and not because he had more power (i.e. less than 300 kili), then that is a different story. So the point in bringing up Vegeta's power is not to say that he blows up the planet, Hulk survives it, and game over. This is to make the point that Vegeta has more than enough power to go toe-to-toe with the Hulk in his strongest incarnation. The Hulk is not going to automatically win just because Vegeta lacks the visual feats to support his actual power. He already has the math to back it up, which is more solid than anything he can "show." If anything, Hulk's more visual feats, such as his footsteps cracking the ground, are more ambiguous, and should be up for debate. In any case, how they would fight and their competence in that fight is a different matter. Vegeta tends to be cocky and over-confident, so he may lose out in the end due to that. That I find to be a more valid argument. How exactly is the Hulk's mentality in his latest incarnation? Is he brilliant like his Professor Hulk form, or more dull like his Savage Hulk form? 
 Last edited by Sakiya Rumei; 02-13-2015 at 10:20 AM. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
