http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159747-ABC-News-does-piece-on-video-games-lulz-are-had
 ABC News does piece on video games, lulz are had
 My two valuable cents. There a lot of inherently wrong things with SOME videogames, tell me there isn't some feeling, big or small of shame or guiltiness or something when you rip open Scorpion's chest in Mortal Kombat X and shove a knife into his dangling heart, it's ****ed up but the violent and other awful behaviors of these people in this article are not caused by the games. I have played violent games since I was a young boy, I've killed women in games, ****ed them then ran them over with my car to get my money back but it wasn't because I felt I needed to fulfill some deeper sexual feeling or something else messed up, I did it out of sheer curiosity, there was word of mouth that this thing was possible, so I said no way but tried it anyway (this was GTA 3 back when). How many times have you ventured out to some place you know you shouldn't go, see a movie you probably shouldn't, word goes around and you just want to be in the loop. Forbidden fruit is how I look at it, I know I should stay away but I won't grow and learn otherwise. I have a loving mother, a supportive family, a community all during my childhood life, we were healthy in body and mind, we lived outside of our bedrooms with our controllers. I've enjoyed some of these titles which some believe to create criminal acts but because of the reasons mentioned above and then some I have control over myself, I don't let these games get to my mind, I'm respectful with women, I served my country and I'm doing great, a valuable member of society. These men are the issue, something in their lives ain't going right plus the internet has given everybody a silent voice, a way of shouting out without fear, I listen to Colin and Greg Live on Twitch.com/kindafunny, and they've said a number of times how most of these comments are complete bullshit when they actually talk with the people that post them. The piece didn't seem coherent all the way through where these games are bashed but then they talk about strong female leads in the gaming world, don't you see some of the changes happening here. In summary, these guys are just plain screwed up and with a good upbringing I am proof that these games aren't the cause and there's more to video games than GTA. I leave now with a picture of the oldest female videogame hero that I can think of. 
