http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149426-How-long-can-you-watch-anime-in-one-sitting
[Anime] How long can you watch anime in one sitting?
 I think I can, max, go about for an hour. 1-2 episodes. I can't stay sitting down in one place for too long without wanting to do something else. I'll probably go back to the anime later, or tomorrow, or whenever. Lol. But I'll get back to it eventually. What about you all? 
 I'd say about 2 to 10 episodes depending on the show 
 I can go for a whole season, but I do have like toilet breaks and sometimes go downstairs for a few moments to get food 
 
 I have pulled an all-nighter before, I just kept clicking next episode then boom, it is 6:00am 5-6 hours later. 

 If the show is good I'll watch it all in one sitting. If the show is ok I'll watch about 5 or 6 episodes If the show sucks I'll stop after the 2nd episode 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 This thread exists already... But I can go days. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Longest I ever went was like 100 episodes of One Piece but to be fair, I was playing video games at the same time. 
 it depends on how addicted I am to the anime and how good the story is etc, I could sit for hours and hours if I have the time to, although it's hard to find anime like to sit through for more then an hour. 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Usually about 4-5 episodes before my hands start twitching and I need to go do something interactive. Unless I'm depressed. Then as long as I can stay awake. 
 I cant sit normally behind a desk and watch anime for too long, i guess for 2-3 episodes but if i lie down on my bed i can go from morning to afternoon....PS. Im weird 

 i ended up watching all of code geass in 2 days, think i ended up watching 10+ hours each day ._.' 
 Depends on the show, is say anywhere from 30 minutes to a couple hours though. 
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities. Dr. Seuss
 For me around 20-35 episodes. Yeah im a no life this is the reason my sleeping schedule sucks right now (9am-5pm) < When i sleep 
 
 Yeah like the others said, it depends on the show if it's really good I can usually watch like 12 episodes at most in one sitting if it sucks or is kinda slow I can prolly watch 1-3 eps 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Ususally I like to have two going at once, one serious and actiony, and then some slice of life something or something. I watch two of each every day, and the order depends on how i feel. Of course there are exceptions, like at the end of eureka 7, like the last 20 or so episodes, it got really good so i watched four to six in a day, in any free time longer than thirty minutes long. and sometimes I watch two episodes and a movie. I could go practically all day. 
Theres nothing written here....
 It depends on the show. Usually I can watch a whole season with no problem, But I do need to take breaks at some point. I have pulled all nighters though, Even on school nights.... Not the brightest idea. The longest iv'e gone is probably when i was watching Bleach... I watched up to were they were still airing it in about a week... and back then it was at episode 308.... 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 I can probably watch 3-4 eps in one sitting, maybe a few more if I'm into it 

 2 to three hours depending on the series and how interested I am. 
 I can read manga for three hours straight. Does that count? 
All credit to Nanami-chan for creating the sig 
 My summer days go like this: wake up thinking about anime turn on computer and type in anime related password go to netflix full of anime Find new anime Watch the whole season untill lunch Another season untill dinner and keep watching anime untill 1 or two sleep REPEAT <3 
 Usually 1-2 episodes, but it depends on how excited I am to see what happens. If that happens, I could go max. 5 episodes. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 Originally Posted by MisterAdventure I think I can, max, go about for an hour. 1-2 episodes. I can't stay sitting down in one place for too long without wanting to do something else. I'll probably go back to the anime later, or tomorrow, or whenever. Lol. But I'll get back to it eventually. What about you all? Same here omg XD 

 i need to limit myself on anime and try to watch it more in the day time or else i will end up pulling an all-nighter trying to finish an anime. but if i go even a few days without watching anime anime, i sometimes just stop watching it and wont come back to it til a moth later. 
 It honestly depends on my mood and whether I am interested in watching the show. Usually two episodes is my average. 
 Depends on the show. I've done 15 hour Naruto/DBZ marathons before. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
