http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155139-Dubs-gt-Subs-and-here-s-why/page2
[Anime] Dubs > Subs, and here's why: - Page 2
 I think it depends on the series. Some series have great dubs, others have terrible ones. Generally I like to hear the original voices, just because on average, I feel that the original voices just work better for the anime. Even when you do not know the language, you get a good sense of the emotion that is being communicated if the voice actors do their job well. In some anime , I feel like the dubs kind of take away form the anime, almost like they are distracting from the overall setting and atmosphere because they seem strangely out of place. That said, there are plenty of anime that I watched where I found the dubs good and they never bothered me. I watched Yu Yu Hakusho in English and it never bothered me. In fact, I quite liked it. Though perhaps that is because I have never seen it any other way. 
 I personally will watch both depending on the mood I'm in. For me it's about 50/50 subs dubs. I think either way you watch it, you are still an anime fan regardless. If you take pleasure in viewing it, it doesn't matter how in my opinion. It's nice to see that this a civil thread versus some of the heated arguments that I've heard in the past. 
 Originally Posted by Jellz Sonny Straight is awesome tho. On the other hand Goku in Japanese is unbearable. DBZ is one of those "reverse exceptions" I mentioned in my first post. I found the Eng VA to be superior to the JP VA. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 ive only ever watched naruto with subs, and it was a seamless transition, I was so into the story at thepoint that I didnt mind reading it, it was like a good book. However sometimes its lame that the translations differ. Naruto might be a bad example because the story explodes into a big thing and its only in subs when it happens, or teh manga which I dont have the fundsforXp 
 It's definitely a case-by-case thing for me. I can't watch Cowboy Bebop in Japanese. I just can't. That goes for other shows, too, like Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex and Trigun. Actually, it's mostly older shows now that I think about it. What's interesting is that, if you watch enough anime in Japanese and you're paying attention, you can start hearing when Japanese VAs are just phoning it in or when the script is terrible. Anime is chalk full of its own weird set of tropes, cliches, and melodrama. And it's even more interesting when those shows get translated. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai It's definitely a case-by-case thing for me. I can't watch Cowboy Bebop in Japanese. I just can't. That goes for other shows, too, like Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex and Trigun. Actually, it's mostly older shows now that I think about it. What's interesting is that, if you watch enough anime in Japanese and you're paying attention, you can start hearing when Japanese VAs are just phoning it in or when the script is terrible. Anime is chalk full of its own weird set of tropes, cliches, and melodrama. And it's even more interesting when those shows get translated. You read my mind with that one. Only the old series seem to have the best English cast like Kenshin and Yu Yu Hakusho as well. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai It's definitely a case-by-case thing for me. I can't watch Cowboy Bebop in Japanese. I just can't. That goes for other shows, too, like Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex and Trigun. Actually, it's mostly older shows now that I think about it. Did you watch these shows dubbed first by any chance? Like I said in my incredibly insightful post earlier, unless the VA was atrocious, we are always gonna associate that voice to that character, and anything else no matter how adequate, is just gonna sound fake/not as good. For me its GoldenBoy. Nothing wrong with Japanese VA but Kintaro to me is the English speaking one, and I'll be damned if I don't watch that show dubbbed. SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EDUCATIONAL! 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Yeah, sometimes it's as simple as my seeing something in English first (Trigun) since the Japanese acting is just-as-good-if-not-better. Sometimes the English VAs just plain do a better job (Bebop) with the Japanese cast falling into the tropey traps or just going through the paces. And sometimes it just fits the universe better overall (Black Lagoon). 

 You can defo throw Bebop in the 'fits the universe better' category. That show dripped with smokey noir and western sci-fi. Yeah, that's pretty much all the points covered. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I was going to post a very witty thing, but decided to withdraw and go back to watching my anime subbed. 
Anime Casuals make me: 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. You can defo throw Bebop in the 'fits the universe better' category. That show dripped with smokey noir and western sci-fi. Yeah, that's pretty much all the points covered. Says this and then goes on and on in the chatbox about Space Dandy being better subbed. h4h4h4h4 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 The English voice acting is weaker in general for Space Dandy, the many allusions to western media and universe fitting better is all for naught. To paraphrase the title from eps 1 'You Gotta Go With Flow Baby' and the English VA's seem almost embarrassed to be reading their lines whilst the Japanese go all in. The latter fits the tone of show. Also, the robot is annoying as **** and is even better at killing jokes than me in the dub. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I'll have to go with the subbed here. Tbh though, FUNimation is amazing at dubbing, I watched One Piece and fell in love with the characters' voices. But I prefer japanese a lot more because for some reason, i feel their emotion more? When they're mad, i feel the anger in their voice. When they're crying, laughing, or 'getting crazy/psychotic' (which a lot of anime has), I feel their emotion/expression/voice more. As for the english, i feel like they're too exaggerated? Either that, or they're trying too hard, or not trying at all. Idk, just may be me but I just don't get the same feeling as when I watch it subbed. Sure, the text can be distracting, but i guess i got used to it. For example, I tried to watch some anime on netflix (and netflix usually has dubbed anime), but i just don't understand. And the reason is, like I stated before, too exaggerated. They try to sound too good or try too hard and it just doesn't fit the character. So I ended up going online and watched the subbed version on some anime website. Even if I don't understand what they're saying, I can read it properly and understand it more. I guess I understand more by seeing rather than by hearing. It's really hard to explain and this post is probably not clear, but I just prefer subbed over dubbed. Half of me is thinking it all depends on who voices it though?????? bc i love FUNimation and the guy that voiced Zoro/Vegeta. 
 Yeah, it's personal preference and I prefer sub most of the time. A lot of dub just sounds lame to me, at least in most cases. I've been watching Ghost in the Shell SAC 2nd GIG again, originally dubbed but this time in sub and actually in this case I think both are pretty close. There is a slight advantage to sub here as my hearing is not what it used to be and I'm "seeing" a lot of conversation that I missed. Of course many times there is a lot being said and I have to pause to get it all. On most of the more recent shows that I've seen this is not a problem as most of the dialog is fairly short. The only exception, luckily infrequent, is when two or more people are talking at the same time with an announcement in the background and either something relevant in print or an explanation of a Japanese term currently being used is displayed. In cases like this the screen is almost full of writing and there's no way to get through it without pausing. Oh yeah, on AOT you don't have a choice. Right before the commercial break they give you a little informational snippet about some part of the show, background info on titans, defenses, weapons, etc. Try reading some of these before they disappear. In spite of all this, I still prefer subs. 

 Sorry, didn't read all the posts, but I'll jump straight to my personal opinion. Anime series are best in japanese, original language. Anyone claiming otherwise must be a fool. But that should be an objective view of things, and we all have our own right to a subjective opinion. NO ONE can do a better voice acting than an original, cause that's how it was ment to be done by the director and others. They chose voice actors, and they created and shaped the whole thing to fit that choice. Now, i didn't start watching anime's in japanese. When i was a brat, we would get a few shows synced in my language (Saber rider, Voltron,Transformers), then I started watching shows on german channels (Captain Tsubasa, Takarajima, Sailor Moon), then i found few VHS tapes in my video store which were dubbed in english (Mononoke,GITS)...and then i was sucked into the balkanian anime underground divx rip scene XD What i can remember it started with, at the time, brand new rips from Serial experiments Lain,Akira etc. That my friends was something completely different. I mean, you can't compare SE Lain and Tsubasa for example, thats like stupid...but when i started watching these shows in japanese, that was when i understood how cool, mature and original anime actually is. Then i watched Saber rider again, but now in japanese. Suddenly, i got something that was completely different from what i remembered. This dude sent me Bebop later on. First two episodes were dubbed, but everything else was original. I don't even have to say how better this show got for me after those two episodes. And Bebop had a solid Dub i must say. My personal favorite anime of all time is Captain Tsubasa. But to claim that it is the best anime would be rubbish. I grew up watching it in german and i can't stand any other language than that. Same goes for lets say Detective Conan. I simply got into it on german television and that's the only way I can watch it. Even though when i saw it in Jap, the series got better, more serious etc. but It just didn't fit into what i was used to. Some of you say you can't stand subtitles, but if you were from a non-english speaking country you would get used to those as a kid and it would bother you at all. Nowadays, i still watch some animes dubbed, but only those with good ones (Steins gate the only recent). But when i watch those dubbed, that means i want to relax and take a lighter approach to a show, or simply turn my head away, listen and go to sleep with something 
 Originally Posted by TucemStriso Sorry, didn't read all the posts, but I'll jump straight to my personal opinion. Anime series are best in japanese, original language. Anyone claiming otherwise must be a fool. Thanks for saving us some time in not reading your divisive post. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Thanks for saving us some time in not reading your divisive post. Read it mate. It's my personal opinion as stated. I tryed to explain why i find it that way. Maybe i was wrong how i formed that line considering it was my opinion, but it was not intended to be divisive. On the contrary to your one sentence provocation. But you get internet warriors everywhere ^^ 
 Originally Posted by TucemStriso Read it mate. It's my personal opinion as stated. I tryed to explain why i find it that way. Maybe i was wrong how i formed that line considering it was my opinion, but it was not intended to be divisive. On the contrary to your one sentence provocation. But you get internet warriors everywhere ^^ You straight up admitted to not reading anything anyone else wrote and then called anyone who disagrees with you a fool. That's a pretty garbage post, especially for those of us who spent some time arguing our point. 

 Dude, you're the one who's replying to my post even though it's pretty obvious you didn't even read it. I said I didn't read ALL OF THEM. I read most, thats why i wanted to state my own opinion. Either way, I wrote later on how i was mistaken for forming that sentence like that. And this topic is always there, it's not something new. That's why I already had an opinion of mine on it, just wanted to share it. If you'd read my post, you would see i had no intention of arguing or starting one. Yet you're so stuck on it, maybe just because it doesn't match your own opinion on the matter ? ... 
 Yyyyup. KT making dumb posts late at night again. Proceed. 

 I like to watch both personally. 

 For me, I definitely prefer the original Japanese with subs. Don't get me wrong, every anime that I've watched subbed I've also had a look and the English dub versions of it, but for some reason I can't get myself to like the English dubs. As an actual fact, I watched Naruto first in English dub, but had to switch over to sub in Shippuden episode 150 because English dub hadn't been released yet. I admit it was hard getting used to first, but after a while, it felt better to watch it in Japanese with subs instead. I just feel that English dubs are missing something. Maybe because I watch them in sub first and expect the voice acting to be similar to Japanese voice acting, but I personally feel that Japanese voice acting conveys the particular character's personality better than English. So my overall conclusion is Japanese voice acting with subs is better than English dub. I'm not saying that it's better, by all means I'm just stating my opinion on which I think is better; everyone is different, so if you enjoy watching English dub, then I have no objection to that. 
 Leader of the Toaru Majutsu no Index group. 
 Originally Posted by Tantums I like to watch both personally. LMAO Im sorry, I just pictured KT and Tucem arguing loudly in a room clenching their fists.. then you sheepishly try to continue the topic with a quiet 'I like both' lol. Thats why I like this website 
 It really depends for me. I used to only watch things dubbed, now I am about 50/50 or even more subbed since I have a crunchyroll account. A lot of times I will like what I hear first though. I 100% disagree when reference and culture are important. For instance, an anime series like Beck makes zero sense to watch dubbed. The story and characters are so dependent on the Japanese language and culture, it just seems odd and out of place for them to speak English, not to mention the Japanese singing with English lyrics mixed in, I have no idea how they would even convey sentiments in various languages in a dubbed version as it would completely be lost. On the other hand, when culture and reference are not important, say in random fantasy worlds or shows taking place in areas outside of Japan, a dubbed version is completely acceptable, since speaking Japanese has nothing to do with the contextual plot. Wolf's Rain for instance has an awesome dub (probably my favorite in fact), and speaking English is fine since it does not take place in Japan or any recognizable region really, they could be speaking any language. Then there is grey area, where things take place in Japan but are not really culturally specific. Recent things like Free! or Meganebu are both series I liked, both take place in Japan, but none of the characters look Japanese. They may go to Japanese schools but it is not really that important or relevant for them to "be Japanese". In this case I feel like either subbed or dubbed is probably fine. Watch/listen to what you want though, whatever brings enjoyment. 
Best Anime = Neon Genesis Evangelion
 I personally prefer sub to dub. My reasoning is that for some reason, the Japanese have a way of making the dialogue in anime sound more......natural, I suppose. Whenever I hear dubs, the characters usually sound either very over the top or cartoony, and it's usually not in a good way. Either that, or the VAs in the official dub just sound terribly miscast or didn't try. I dunno, some people complain about how reading the subtitles takes away from the immersion, but I've never really had that issue. I don't mind reading subtitles, although sometimes if multiple people are talking at the same time, I tend to pause or rewind the video so I can catch all the dialogue. Again, the Japanese voices just sound better in my opinion. Maybe to the Japanese, their Voice Acting is just as bad and over the top/cartoony as dubs are for us, but because I don't understand the language, the emotion in their voices and the subtitles are the only context I have, and arguably this makes for much better immersion than most dubs. Of course, there are exceptions to every rule, and I have watched a few anime dubbed instead of subbed because it felt it was a necessity (Soul Eater and Baccano! were two anime I just HAD to watch dubbed, and I'm planning on watching FMA Brotherhood dubbed rather than subbed), usually because the English voice actors don't sound ridiculously cartoony like most dubs. There are also a few English Anime VAs that do an excellent job in their roles, and manage to not sound like cartoon characters, but still can retain some degree of silliness when's it's called for (Todd Haberkorn, Johnny Yong Bosch, Crispin Freeman, Chris Patton, and Luci Christian are some of my favorite English anime VAs for exactly this reason). Overall, while I prefer subbed to dubbed, I will not hesitate to admit that some anime should be watched dubbed, and that there are some exceptionally good voice actors on the dubbed side. 
 "It matters not what we say on the Internet, but what we do in real life. Unless you do nothing in real life, in which case the Internet is all you have!" -Green_Smartie, 2013
