http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141364-most-unknown-game-system
 most unknown game system
 every classic gamer knows about game systems such as the atari 2600, NES, sega genesis ect...... but what about those consoles that know body owned systems such as the microvision, rca studio 2, gx4000, casio luppy, zeebo and everything in between. so what do you think is the most unkown game system i think it is the super color volley x because no body not even the biggest game geeks i know, know about it. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Lol, you are the biggest game geek you know. So that was a lie 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 biggest game geek and proud of it. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Wonder Swan Color... i play the Atelier series and one of the games are on it. Although i dont know how many people actually dont know about it ^^ 
You’re such a child. You talk of nothing but pipe dreams… there are times when people must make painful choices. - Uchiha Itachi
 The Tandy VIS/Memorex, came out in 92. It was introduced to the market at a very steep price, and its library primarily consisted of educational games. It bombed. ^^ 
 8/6/12 - Never forget T.O.B
 RDI Halcyon is pretty unknown. I mean I only found about it by chance on wikipedia. It had a retail price of $2500(lol) at the time of it's release in 1985. Only two games were made for it before the company went bankrupt. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeI5zKeGELA 
MyAnimeList 
 I had only recently found out about this N-Gage handheld thing. I was essentially the first smartphone. Except for the fact that no one wanted to buy it. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 the n gage didnt do to bad it sold 3 million units world wide so i wouldnt say no body wanted to buy it even though compared to the game boy advanced the sales were crap but it did due way better than the gizmondo which sold 30,000 units. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 It's probably not the most unknown, but I bet Nintendo fans wish it was. Yes, I am talking about the Virtual Boy though it's probably not the most unknown game system. 
 the atari xe system i never hear anyone even mention it at all 
 Don't think I've ever seen a 3DO in real life outside of the store, haha. Remember it being hyped to kingdom come but generally having shitty games and a crappier pad. Also, Sega and Nintendo had things locked down in those days. Think it flopped harder than Philips CDI, but that had the lazor disc home-market going for it. Road Rush was cool though and I remember hearing good things about the Street Fighter and Samurai Shodwon ports (considered the best home versions at the time). The pad was sh1t and it didn't help that it cost like bajillion pounds. On a similar vibe, anyone remember the FM Towns? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FM_Towns Don't worry, doubt anyone does. Rember seeing reviews for games on this console in mags and wondering if this mystical console was any good. Never seen one irl, anywhere. Guess I could throw in the Amiga CD but no one wants to remember that was ever made. Oh, lol, and the Atari Jaguar had its moments. Now that had the shittiest pad ever conceived... No seriously, that was actually made and sold to people. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 @oh snap it actualy did better than the cdi believe it or not the cdi sold 400,000 or so units while the 3do sold about 5 million which is pretty good considering the console was $700 at launch.and yes i remembor the fm towns it actually made a successor called the fm towns marty. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 I actually had a buddy who had a Virtual Boy when they first came out, we thought it was the ****, haha. (shut up I am old) With the internet and eBay, I do not think there are any more "unknown" gaming consoles. Especially with people like AVGN spreading the word about all of them. 
 Originally Posted by the1who0nethewest @oh snap it actualy did better than the cdi believe it or not the cdi sold 400,000 or so units while the 3do sold about 5 million which is pretty good considering the console was $700 at launch.and yes i remembor the fm towns it actually made a successor called the fm towns marty. Wow, had no idea the cdi sucked that much sales wise, lol. I believe it had an exclusive Zelda game for it. The 3do is surprising even when you consider it was made by a variety of manufacturers and didn't really have to much competition in the cd market console-wise. I think the PC Engine and Neo Geo CD should've done better if they were actually marketed in the West. The latter failed because its was single speed with atrocious delays but with its potential library really punched below its weight. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 The Polystation! 
 Hmm Vectrex maybe? 
 @oh snap yea the cdi had a zelda game named wand of gamalon they also had an exclusive mario game called hotel mario. they got rights to the game because nintendo and phillops had a partnership at the time. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
