http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138233-What-was-your-first-video-game
 What was your first video game?
 Yeah, so my question is what was the first video game that you ever played!? For me I think it was Final Fantasy 7. Because, my big brother got me into playing it, and Resident Evil games next. I used to play whatever he would. 
 
 First, huh? Hm. Hard to say. I'm pretty sure my first game was Sonic the Hedgehog 2, for the Genesis. Probably not long after the game came out, around 93. It was definitely the first game I ever owned, but I can't say with 100% certainty it was the first I ever played. I don't count messing around with NES games while sitting on my dad's lap when I was 1-3 years old, though. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Uhm.......Age of Empires? I think........it could be Little Fighter....... 

 Ugh, is it bad when you don't even remember the name of your first video game but you kind of remember the gameplay and graphics ? I'll go with something I do remember Crash Bandicoot for the PS1. I did play a lot of games on the SEGA before that but I didn't really pay attention to titles at that age =P. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 First I can recall the name of would be super Mario brothers. But a friend has an Atari 2600 with some random games before that. The first one I can recall playing was some tank game. Sent from my cellular telephone using Tapatalk 2 

 Uhm Pong, Space Invaders, Pac-Man and Defender at the arcade. Then sh*t got real and I got an atari 2600, Pitfall for the win. 5 yrs later - Nintendo and Super Mario Bros. 
 I don't remember, it was so long ago, but it was most surely one of 3 games, Q-bert, Breakout or Frogger, all being on the 2600. Edit: Actually I think it was pitfall, I remember putting that in, not really liking it that much, trying out Frogger next, and liking that a good amount, then going on from there. 
 Tetris for the original gameboy 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 I had so many VG'S. I believe if my memory is correct it was Super Marios Bros for the Nintendo 64. That was also around the time when I played Pokémon Red & Blue for the Gameboy...I was born yesterday. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Either Banjo Kazooie or One of the first few Pokemon games. Well those were the oldest maybe. Might have been Tekken on the PS1 e___e 
 Icon @dynamic juiced
 Am I the only one who feels ancient after reading some of the posts in this thread? 
 I think Pokemon Leaf Green or something like that! 
 DynaBlade made this signature My Blog and YouTube channel :3  Spoiler http://www.hardpliers.blogspot.com/  Spoiler http://www.youtube.com/user/hardpliers Currently watching Sailor Moon
 I'm thinking of this old game for the Super Nintendo called Asterix. The game is based on the American comic with the vikings and Romans or something called Asterix & Obelix, something I saw from my public library from a long time ago. Even though I was so young, I still remember it now and I played as Obelix, the fat guy, who I kept dying with cause I repeatedly fell down the pits over and over again. I also watched my brother played Langrisser II for the Genesis. I hit myself whenever I see troops die in battle. 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
 When I was little, my sisters' had a NES and I would play Super Mario Bros. on it. The first game that I played that was mine though was Altered Beast on the Sega Genesis. 
 My first home video game was the nintendo that came with the Super Mario Bros, Duck Hunt, World Track triple pack. So Mario was my first of course. After that I got Batman, Strider, and Golgo 13 the Mafat Conspiracy. First Arcade play was Ms. Pacman. First Atari game was Pong First Snes game was Super Mario World First Sega game was The Revenge of Shinobi First Gameboy game was Pokemon Blue First PS1 game was Castlevania Symphony of the Night First Nintendo 64 game was Killer Instinct Gold First Sega Dreamcast game was Phantasy Star Online First Gamecube game was Smugglers Run First PS2 game was Final Fantasy X First Xbox 360 game was Call of Duty World at War First Gameboy Advance game was Super Robot Taisen Original Generation First PSP game was Monster Hunter Freedom First Nintendo DS game The World Ends with You Any system I missed I never had. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Super Mario Bros for the NES. Good times, I played the **** out of that game. 
 "I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is pricked, seekin what will transmit The scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable"
 Very first game for the very first console my family owned. Probably was around 1992. 
Love forever, love is free. last.fm - steam 
 My first video game was also Final Fantasy 7. I have played many Final Fantasy games since and none compare to the story, characters and sheer amount of content in 7. 
 First! hmm, difficult to remember. What i can tell you though is my first system owned was a Sega Genesis. So I'm thinking Sonic and Knuckles or Altered Beast! Rise From Your Grave! Power-Up! 
Fawxii Original 
 Dragon Warrior II, I think. It could just as easily have been Punch-Out. 
 Either Tetris for the Game Boy or Spyro for the first Play Station. 
 Originally Posted by ryangroovy Dragon Warrior II, I think. It could just as easily have been Punch-Out. Lol what a game to be someone's 1st(DW 2), such a awesome game, but It's also easily one of the hardest games ever created. Here we have more proof gamers back then weren't pathetic POS, that gave up at the first sign of trouble(lol can you imagine a gamer today starting with that game, they would never play a VG ever again). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 02-11-2013 at 06:05 AM. 
 Pacman in the Arcade. My first home console was a SNES tho'. Had Donkey Kong Country, Super Mario World, Killer Instinct, and Blockbuster was the most popular thing ever. 
 Hey~ Midget.
 Originally Posted by Kokichi Pacman in the Arcade. My first home console was a SNES tho'. Had Donkey Kong Country, Super Mario World, Killer Instinct, and Blockbuster was the most popular thing ever. hm... No SF2 in that mix, something Isn't right here(or did you forget to post it)? 
 Pong Hashtag Im old. 
