http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159887-the-worst-anime-u-have-ever-watched!!
[Anime] the worst anime u have ever watched!!
 we have a lot of threads talking about top anime or the best anime of all. so i wanted to know whats the worst anime you have ever watched for me i'd have to go with school days. the main character is a sh** head that does some pretty stupid stuff. and the plot of the story sucks so bad. i mean how can girls fall for u when u have such a sh**y personality  Spoiler plus he thinks that he isn't doing anything wrong when he cheats on them ... anyway post the most terrible anime u have ever watched, im looking forward to your replies 
 Pokemon can't believe I watched that when I was a kid smh 

 A little snow fairy sugar. Omg wtf 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 A little snow fairy sugar. Omg wtf Care to share the plot? I know the title I just can't remember why. I think it was when I was hunting for anime's before I joined this forum. Me personally? Princess jellyfish. I hate the artwork and the lingo sucks. Its one of the few shows I've ever dropped without finishing it. I intend on watching more one piece, bleach and naruto, but im sure I'll never finish those) 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I would have to go with most of the ecchi anime series I've seen. I think I would have to say Maken Ki! for sure. I thought it was disappointing. 
 Fawking Hetallia. Worst anime perhaps ever conceived by mortal kind. 
 It was only a matter of time... Now I am one with the night and stars again... Thank you, Rhyme's Law, for your signature art work.
 Since I'm very picky about my shows I'll probably never come across a bad anime. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Ookami Kakushi is the worst anime I've ever seen. The main character was a completely moron and there's no plot in there. It really sucks... 
 Like Kuze I haven't really come across anything that was rridiculously awful though some dishonorable mentions should go to Hell Girl: This show (or at least as far as I got into it before giving up in despair) is basically the same episode over and over again. Right down to the exact same images and the exat same lines being repeated every episode. Ninja Scroll: Not only is it a really dumb action movie. It's an insult to actual Japanese history oversimplifying a very complicated situation and adding supernatural being into it because...well i ahev n idea why. To make it look cooler? Anyway this movie's a trainwreck. Eden of the East: A show that succeeds neither as a thriller or a slice of life comedy. The plot is nonsnensical and never gets explained in any way and the ending is preachy and unnecesarrily depressing. And yes I'm taking about the second movie ending. Not the show ending. Not that that was any good. Besides those three there are other shows that I've watched that I wouldn't easilly recommend but nothing that I would consider to be complete rubbish. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Care to share the plot? I know the title I just can't remember why. I think it was when I was hunting for anime's before I joined this forum. Me personally? Princess jellyfish. I hate the artwork and the lingo sucks. Its one of the few shows I've ever dropped without finishing it. I intend on watching more one piece, bleach and naruto, but im sure I'll never finish those) Basically this 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 @wesleyv1 - omg! I guess I had seen a picture of that somewhere for some reason. For some reason I was thinking of the freaky Teletubbies while watching that . 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Season 2 of SAO :^)))))) 
 Steam - obscenex2 League of Legends - Obscene Sardine 
 Originally Posted by Obscene Season 2 of SAO :^)))))) Dude yodas gonna kick your ass 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I think I just watched one! It's called Koi Koi Seven. Makes no sense, there is no closure or wrap up at the ending, and it just plain sucks!!!! I would also nominate Macademi Wasshoi as a total waste of time. Last but not least there is Dororon Enma-kun Meeramera. In all honesty I never got past the first episode, but in that episode they had a granny lady topless in bib overalls swinging her boobs like nun-chucks and a demon that used it's dick for a sword. That was enough to stop me in my tracks! 

 Originally Posted by Obscene Season 2 of SAO :^)))))) Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Dude yodas gonna kick your ass I will not take the bait. I'm not in the mood. My last great debate over sao was with zoltor a few months ago. That got it out of my system. I will promote it till the day I die. But if you don't like it I can't change that. I'll say ikkitousen is a catch twenty two for me. I love the ecchi but some of the fighting is way too much for me. Though I'll admit the ecchi is a bit over the top even for me. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Dear god. Yoda just said too much eichi...........we're all gonna die aren't we? 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Dear god. Yoda just said too much eichi...........we're all gonna die aren't we? Lmao!!!! No I still like ikkitousen its just that its on the edge of what I like in fighting and ecchi. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Oh definitely! It's a sure sign that the end times are upon us! 

 Originally Posted by Obscene Season 2 of SAO :^)))))) Didn't even care for the first season myself. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 Originally Posted by Finfan Oh definitely! It's a sure sign that the end times are upon us! Not you too!! Hey I include ikkitousen, freezing and even Queens blade in my uber ecchi recommendations lists don't I???? I'm just saying ikki and queens blade are both on the outer edge of my threshold for good ecchi or rather ecchi I can handle. Now back on topic. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I'm an SAO fan but the show had some really weird pacing. Also the secondary Characters were very forgettable to the point where I can honestly only remember the names of Asuna and kirito. I loved the whole die in the game die in real life idea and the virtual world but I thought it was lacking in some way. Also should have ended after the first part. 

 School Days is the worst thing I have ever seen. I don't even know who it was made for, sadist? 

 Originally Posted by Obscene Season 2 of SAO :^)))))) come on season 2 wasn't that bad i mean season 1 was surly better but i wouldn't consider SAO2 to be one of the worst anime ever 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Not you too!! Hey I include ikkitousen, freezing and even Queens blade in my uber ecchi recommendations lists don't I???? I'm just saying ikki and queens blade are both on the outer edge of my threshold for good ecchi or rather ecchi I can handle. Now back on topic. It's funny because originally in my post I was going to say it was a tie between Maken Ki! and Ikki Tousen. I think Ikki Tousen is pretty terrible anime series, yet I have seen almost every single season of it with the exception Dragon Destiny. I honestly don't know how it's managed to have four seasons. Is it me or does the series look really low-budget? In my opinion, I think the fight scenes could be so much better than they are. 
 SAO in general was pretty terrible. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
