http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150571-Your-First-Impression-of-A4
[General Discussion] Your First Impression of A4?
 TIME TO BRING THE A4 APOCALYPSE BACK < No, I'm just joking but I hope I'm not too vague with this thread. When you first joined A4, what was your first impression of the forums, the community and certain people that you had approached or approached you first? Who were the few members who you first talked to and what was your first impression of them? >< AMAZING, BOLD LINE TO SEPARATE MY QUESTION FROM THE ANSWER! When I first came to A4, I thought that I wouldn't really participate in the forums or meet anyone because thats what usually happened on many forums that I joined. I made an introduction thread - with ease, as the format of A4 was very simple - I had also met a lot of people through reading their replies on my introduction thread; The Archangel - who was pretty intimidating and sounded extremely bored in meeting new members Chenoodles - someone who was just generally nice to me and if I remember, we were discussing about video games Drexz - LAMEST USERNAME. EVER. No just kidding, but I did spend a lot of time trying to say your original name and we started off just introducing ourselves before we got into a small argument about Call of Duty & Battlefield, and then...he wanted to get himself into a coma (LMAOWTF?) Kyo - quite a detailed and unique welcome to me and an interesting first impression, 'Oz vs Kiwi thread' Chuunibyou (Protoss now) - some perverted kid from Canada, who is apparently 'normal' and craves for MapleStory & Starcraft I also remember how I got told off because I didn't know how to multi quote (thank god, Guybrush told me about it) and as a new member, I had accidentally created threads which caused a lot of urh - small arguments (?). There was also this guy called 'Pured', who would constantly PM me and that was annoying because I like using VM, so I wanted to punch him for that c: 
 Last edited by Tragedy ♥; 09-12-2013 at 06:40 PM. 
 
