http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117352-What-are-you-currently-watching/page135
[Anime] What are you currently watching? - Page 135
 rurouni kenshin 

 I just started rewatching Hikaru no Go. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 I've been watching Dantalian No Shoka (en. The Mystic Archives of Dantalian) lately, I believe I'm on episode five, and I've been enjoying it. Do gotta say though, it seems like anytime I'm really into it, the pseudo magic elements pop up again. I dont necessarily hate these bits, but I seem to forget about it each time, and it always catches me off guard. 
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon http://myanimelist.net/profile/Novaire Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 I'm currently watching Mushishi, just finished episode 13 not too long ago; so I've past the halfway mark on it. Funny how quickly an anime I really engage with goes by so fast. I find every aspect of their series fascinating, from the art to the music that sets the atmosphere of the scenes to philosophical and thematic concepts each episode delves into. I'm going to be completely honest, while there are many episodes I can completely wrap my head around in terms of having some sort of interpretation in regards to looking at it metaphysically as opposed to taking everything literally at face value, there are some episodes I have nothing; in others words, a small number of episodes that I don't completely get. No worries though because it gives it replay value; that's what revisiting such shows is for. What I do like about this series is that a person can take everything on it literally or metaphysically and it works either way; this is different from viewing Kino's Journey where the vast majority of the series should be seen allegorically. This is by no means a knock against Kino's Journey as it is a great anime that I think everyone should take a look at as is the case with Mushishi. In that regard, Mushishi reminds me a lot of Kino's Journey in many ways in terms of the whole episodic travelling protagonist and art vibe, but, also Mermaid Forest for some strange reason; it does have that vibe to it as well. Perhaps it's because the premise of Mushishi is based more on traditional Japanese Folklore similarly to Mermaid Forest and has pretty much nothing in terms of western influence to it as is the case with a lot of other anime. With that, all I have to say for now is that I really like hearing Travis Willingham where he's utilizing a softer, more mellow tone to his voice; it's almost enough to lull a person to sleep, but then again, while Mushishi, does have some unsettling aspects to its presentation, it's also very mellow and somewhat soothing. 
 
 Currently watching Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack On Titan) and I'm more than halfway done with the season as I just finished with 15 episodes. Very good show in my opinion for anyone who is new to anime. 

 Originally Posted by Nightmare Joker rurouni kenshin Great anime, hope you like it also if you want to watch the prequel to the story of Rurouni Kenshin check out the Trust and Betrayal ova. 4 episodes long but very important to the story. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 I'm watching Kure-nai. It is mainly a drama with some comedy thrown in. The hero is a high school boy who is a "dispute mediator". This seems to translate into hired muscle. He is hired to be a bodyguard for a seven year old girl who has gone into hiding from her ultra restrictive very rich, very traditional family. The animation seems a little odd to me in that the movements are very realistic as if they had animated over live action footage. The story is engaging but I'm still not quite sure what to make of it. This is probably because I expected it to be much more of a comedy when I started. 

 Currently watching Hentai Ouji To Warawanai Neko. Much less ecchi that I expected which I find great in this case, since this fits much better for the characters, also wasn't nearly as gringy as it seemed looking the start of the first episode. Really quite surprisingly good so far. Tsukiko's character is awesome especially the switch on expressions. 
 I just started rewatching The Mysterious Cities of Gold, such a awesome anime 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Originally Posted by ThatOneOddDrone Currently watching Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack On Titan) and I'm more than halfway done with the season as I just finished with 15 episodes. Very good show in my opinion for anyone who is new to anime. It is, I finished reading the whole manga in two days (classes are hindrances to the otaku life, hahaha) and indeed it really is good. The story line as well as the character's development is well shown. I haven't finished watching the anime yet though. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 Currently watching Yu gi oh gx...I think of it as my favorite of all of em even though am not much of a Yu gi oh fan. But of late they keep making Yu gi oh series and they don't seem as appealing as the older installments. I get so much nostalgia watching anime that I watch when I was a kid. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Currently watching Nobunaga Concerto. Anime is about a teenage kid who literally falls back through time and by chance switches places with Oda Nobunaga. Now stuck in the Edo period Saburou does what he can to ensure Nobunaga's (his) succession. However his memory of Japanese history is pretty hazey and to top it off because of his actions of course history is changing as well. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 I wanted to start infinite stratos. But I ended up watching the start of season 2 by mistake! Crunchyroll only has season two. Funny thing was I didn't notice the number two on the icon for the show, it was pretty small. There was no back story so I thought something was up. But I thought maybe they were going to explain it over a series of shows. Well anyway..... I do like what I saw in season two. Reminds me a bit of those suits they used in date a live. I'm gonna have fun with this show but I'll start it properly later 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Currently just Aldnoah.Zero season 2. ^o^ 
 Started watching mystery girlfriend X since I have ran into it in few occasions already. After two episodes I'm still full WTF most of the time. Is it going to be like that whole series or do I get hold of things at somepoint. So far it's been interesting enough though that I haven't stopped watching, but I still am waiting to find some logic or some kind of grasp of WHY are she acting like she does at times. WTF just summs it up most of the time. 
 Watching Seitokai Yakuindomo. It's odd... But funny. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Currently watching Durarara!!x2, Tokyo Ghoul, along with a couple others 
 I am currently watching Hanayamata. 
 Watching Akatsuki no Yona. Alright, it isn't bad as I deem so. Hmm, I wonder who the other generals are including Hak. The artwork is fine, it resembles most of the contemporary anime. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 I've been watching a few that are airing this season such as Kantai Collection and Sinmai Maou no Testament but also been rewatching durarara and itsuka tenma no kuro usagi 
my blog where i do anime reviews
 Started watching Inuyasha. Hell of a run I'm a bout to jump in. Judging by the first episode it seems to be well done. I have read mangas to 35 when I was about 15 so it's also nostalgic(how you even write that) to watch these. Only thing I'm wondering is if the story will work as well for me now when I'm older, but so far I think I still can enjoy it. 
 I am on episode 23 of Fairy Tail, I am watching it at a very fast rate and need to slow down haha 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 Originally Posted by Koda I am on episode 23 of Fairy Tail, I am watching it at a very fast rate and need to slow down haha I've been on episode 137 or so and I agree it's a good show, but I took a break and I feel like there is so much I don't remember that I just don't feel like finishing it. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 I've been watching Tokyo Ghoul Root A and I'm going to start the new season of Jojo 
 Shiki its pretty good so far I'm on episode 9 right now I'm watching it on the Funimation app on the ps3 Its about a small village and suddenly people start dying like crazy and the doctor and others are trying to figure out why. 
 Last edited by butters; 01-17-2015 at 12:45 PM. 
