http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150801-What-Internet-Browser-do-you-guys-use/page2
 What Internet Browser do you guys use? - Page 2
 I used to use Google Chrome, but it now seems to crash my computer every time I open it. So I've had to resort to Firefox. 
 I just use safari, works fine for me so I have no reason to get chrome or mozilla 
[IMG][/IMG]
 I use Chrome mainly but ever sine like a month or so now it has been acting up and not loading pages so I switched to mozilla for a bit which was just literally a disaster and now I am sporting Opera; which is a pretty cool browser and it seems to be less of a resource hog like Mozilla and Chrome. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Firefox, because chrome is too popular. Nah, I just think firefox looks better with some themes :P 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I alternate between Firefox and Waterfox. 
There are only two paths you can choose. You can sit quietly and be selected out of this world, or you can adapt and change!-Gai Tsutsugami (Guilty Crown) 
 Originally Posted by Altered I alternate between Firefox and Waterfox. What the bloody hell is waterfox ? First time hearing that browser before....well its time to Google this. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Originally Posted by Twigster What the bloody hell is waterfox ? First time hearing that browser before....well its time to Google this. It's just another Internet Browser, much faster than Firefox on my laptop 
There are only two paths you can choose. You can sit quietly and be selected out of this world, or you can adapt and change!-Gai Tsutsugami (Guilty Crown) 
 I use both Chrome and Firefox. Some sites work better in one than the other, so I keep windows open in both. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I use both Chrome and Firefox. Some sites work better in one than the other, so I keep windows open in both. Many people use both Chrome and Firefox. But I don't think webpages are shown differently in this two browsers. 

 I will use nothing else but chrome thank you very much,my little mouse. 

 I swore by Firefox for the longest time, but made the switch to Chrome after discovering its cloud potential. I have since enjoyed the simplicity and clean look of Chrome, but I wish the devs would stop breaking its UI with updates. 
 Chrome. Absolutely love it. 
Answer my call, Dark Spear.
 I use Firefox, always have o-o or well, used Opera for a while when Firefox was acting up but that was long ago haven't had any issues with it since. 
 i'm big on brand loyalty so I stick to firefox. I've been using it for atleast 7 years now and it hasn't failed me. I love the numerous add ons and update notifications so I know what to expect when I update (in regard to add on compatibility). It's easy to use, customize/personalize, and the community is amazing. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Firefox. The add-ons are abundant, the security is competitive, and its just a must have on my computers. I'm just waiting on Firefox OS for the PC. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 firefox, no particular reason 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I use Opera and for the longest time thought it was Oprah and hated it because, I thought Oprah was watching me on the internet and then realized that it's Opera. It's a great browser I have to say works the best on my desktop. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Firefox forever~ Down with MSIE and Google! (non serious here, but really, I don't like them much) 
 I use Google. Simple and self sufficient with interesting extensions. 
 A lot of my internet use is on my phone, which I use Safari. My old mac I used Firefox, but I recently got a new one and have been using Safari on it. Not sure if I'm going to bother to put Firefox on it yet. One of the computers at work only has explorer and I want to punch it every time I have to use it 
  Spoiler 
 Should be an option for multiple. Mainly use Chrome, but I use Internet Explorer when Chrome acts up (and it does act up, occasionally). 
 Courtesy of Goosey Sigs, Inc.
 I use firefox just because It is what im use to...but im hearing alot of chrome supporters on here so i may check it out but really i do not care all that much. 
 So, uhhh... Who else has discovered waterfox exists because of this thread? http://www.waterfoxproject.org/ 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Originally Posted by Bo_TheTechSage So, uhhh... Who else has discovered waterfox exists because of this thread? http://www.waterfoxproject.org/ maybe next we will have... earth fox wind fox and finally the avatar fox 
 Originally Posted by Zenex maybe next we will have... earth fox wind fox and finally the avatar fox Best post I've ever seen on A4. *claps* 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
