http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155838-Program-To-Improve-Performance-Of-Computer
 Program To Improve Performance Of Computer
 I have heard about programs that improve the performance of computers & speed it up so does somebody know about a good free program(s) that does that so maybe I can get rid of the computer stuttering when connected to the internet that I talked about previously on this forum? 
 You NEVER want to use those "pc tools" like "CleanMyPC.com". They do a lot more harm than good (actually, all they do is harm). So avoid all of that. The best you can do is manually removing Start-Up items and the occasional temporary file clean. I highly recommend CCleaner (known as Crap Cleaner). It's from Piriform, and free for the basic version (which is fantastic to use). Cleans up temp cache and files, you can clean up your registry files (from programs you've uninstalled or moved, etc.). You can also use it to clean out your start up, and choose which programs you want to run as soon as you log into Windows. Very nifty. If you're feeling a bit more adventurous, do a bit of research into using "MSCONFIG" through RUN. This allows you to choose all processes running on start up as well as in general. Defrag is another common tool that's used, but there is a misconception about it. There are those that say you should use it monthly or even weekly; DON'T. It eventually wears on the I/O header and kills your hard drive faster. At most, defrag once a year, and only if you've constantly shifting files around on your computer. Hopefully this helps. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 I do not find those programs to be useful to say the least. You will most likely not notice any performance changes. The best way to keep your computer running efficiently or to increase its performance is to limit the number of programs running simultaneously in the background, keep changes to your registry to a minimal--that is to say, do not install and uninstall a bunch of software--, and get better hardware, and I stress the last part the most if you want better performance. Your computer cannot perform beyond its hardware specifications no matter how much you try to optimize the software, so if you want better performance, it may be worth investing in better hardware for whatever you plan to do with your computer, such as faster processor, an SSD boot drive, faster memory, etc. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Agreed with posters above. Don't bother with any 'performance' programs. They are supposed to remove unused 'stuff', but it's like a spam filter, they always catch something they arn't supposed to. Generally, I reinstall my OS on a bi-annual to annual schedule. Basic things I always check when someone complain their computer is slow. Memory. If you don't have 2 gigs or more, you don't have enough. Period. (Speed of the memory is last on my list) I recomend a minimum of 4 gigs for your average user. (It's cheap as heck, and can give you the biggest improvement depending on your usage) Bloatware, malware, garbage. Check your browsers plugin's. ALOT of software, even 'reputable' brands are including more and more crap that piggybacks their installers. Disable anything you don't recognize (or spend the time to google them first) Add/Remove programs. Go through your software. Top to bottom, every single one. If you did not install it, don't use it, or simply looks suspicious remove it. (Google is your friend here again) Task Manager. This is a little more advanced than your average user can do. But again, google is your friend. You can identify many programs running in the background, often sucking up memory and CPU time for something you might only use once a week or month. It lets you identify startup tasks to hunt down and disable. Start up. There's a little folder in your start menu called 'Startup'. Remove any 'quick starts' for stuff you don't use on a daily basis. msconfig. a Program you can run from the 'Search' box in your start menu. Again, there is a section that covers startup programs. Here you can disable startup items. I have more than half of mine disabled. Again, google. The reality is that PC's have pretty much leveled out in the past 4-3 years. I'm running a 5 year old CPU. Most of the stuff slowing down any semi recent computer is bottlenecks, point where the computer has to wait for stuff. Crap CPU. Most of the ultimate budget cpu's are just crap. (Celerons mainly) Not enough memory. (memory speed is only going to bog down power users, or heavy multi taskers) Harddrive speed. The single slowest aspect of a modern PC. Either slow seek times, or plain slow data transfers. This is the biggest cause of slow to load programs, and overall poor performance. Even with a large amount of RAM, your computer still relys on the harddrive for temporary storage, and compared to memory, it's SLOW. Video Card. If you PC runs 'ok', but games run like garbage, it's your video card. Anything modern is about 80% video card for performance. The other 20% is mostly harddrive, memory, and maybe 5% cpu. 
 uhmm . i suggest that delete the items on your startup and use ccleaner to remove the unwanted files and reg. also optimize your pc. 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Easy solution: throw your computer away (if it's a PC) and get a Mac. Solution if that doesn't apply to you: programs that supposedly improve performance of a computer aren't trustworthy. They're either free and don't work quite like it says on the label, or are expensive and do what you want (or maybe not). If you have a Mac and it is remarkably slow, you should get a newer Mac. Despite my constant lobbying for Macs, no, I am not being paid by Apple. Apple is paying me. 

 Originally Posted by Light Yagami Despite my constant lobbying for Macs, no, I am not being paid by Apple. Apple is paying me. That makes no sense. Plenty of good advice I think. Mainly learning what background programs are running and when and how to turn them off will do you the most good. Installing an OS is kind of like a step up from this but not something to undertake right away if you're not really used to it without collecting the stuff you'll need like program discs, drivers, back up your files, etc. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Also important too install Windows updates, but its a good rule of thumb to wait a day or two to update system files to make sure the patches are stable. Keeping your BIOS up to date is also incredibly important, although thats a bit more advanced, something the average user has never and probably will never do. Unless you have Windows 8, usually it updates the BIOS automatically like its supposed to...usually. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 yea like people said don't download free programs, defrag constantly or just set so your computer auto defrags... something you may want to look into depending on your system is "overclocking" 
 Originally Posted by AeX [...] defrag constantly or just set so your computer auto defrags [...] It's very obvious you didn't read my post. Since you missed it: Originally Posted by darkandshadow Defrag is another common tool that's used, but there is a misconception about it. There are those that say you should use it monthly or even weekly; DON'T. It eventually wears on the I/O header and kills your hard drive faster. At most, defrag once a year, and only if you've constantly shifting files around on your computer. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 oh sorry no i didn't in my experience anything above around 15-20% then you need to defrag. never heard of a set time (months weeks etc..) but by checking it before the defrag you can get an idea of your use and how often(ish) it has to be done ...me i just have it done automatically when my system slows. 
 If you're going by the analyzer, 5%-15% is actually the natural formations of a typically used hard drive. Media servers after a while (which is why I say annually) tend to be disproportionate by upwards of 35%. After that, you'll start getting corrupted sectors, which eventually leads to hard drive failure. A defrag is repositioning all the data on the drive to make it more efficient, and since most computer hard drives are mechanical still (SSDs should be more available than what they are now), it really wears on the I/O header and the platter; especially with the larger storage sizes. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 To be quite honest, most 3rd party programs do more harm to your computer than good. Often times, anything that claims it can automatically make your computer run better is often untrue. Generally, what a lot of these programs do is remove files, delete your temp folders and things as general fixes, but don't actually really do anything useful. It's basically a placebo. The best advice I can give you in terms of making your machine run better is understand what is causing your computer to run slowly and the majority of those tools are already available to you and even more so on Windows. You can look at Start up Impact. Basically, this is what your computer is doing at Start up. What programs are attempting to run, what processes are added to the load time and basically what is causing your computer to be slow. Things that automatically run when Windows run add a lot of overhead in the beginning, so you can figure out what is causing and issue and determine if you actually need that program to run or not. A lot of people have things like STEAM or Skype auto-start. There are a lot of other programs that do the same that you can generally remove. You can look at Services. These are things that run in the background for Windows. If you're a developer, you generally run things like Apache and MongoDB... etc. These are Services that eat your processing if you're not using it. They have smaller overhead, but if you install a lot of random things for no reason without understanding what they do, those things add up. Weird processes/programs running. Launch your Task Manager and go down the list of running programs/applications. Can you recognize any of them? You should be able to name at least a 3rd of what is on the list. You can also look at CPU usage and Memory Usage. Generally speaking, you normally wouldn't have more than 5 programs that uses a lot of CPU and Memory. If something is using a ton of memory, like 900,000 MB of memory, you should probably take a look at that. The only thing that gets close to that are heavy programs such as Games or possibly Firefox. -- As a person who doesn't run performance enhancement programs or even anti-virus, I can definitely tell you that your behavior on your computer and just basic common sense can be all you need. You can, for the most part, also forgo anti-virus as this interferes with your computer more than it does good the majority of the time. And before you naysayers suggest not doing that, Windows already have Windows Defender built in and like all anti-virus programs, you need definitions. If it's a day zero attack, not even anti-virus will stop it. Most programs that deal with the internet already have A LOT of measures built in to protect you. It's like having pieces of an anti-virus program embedded into just about everything and most things give you an obnoxious warning when you're about to do something stupid. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 I agree with all the above. I recently got a ssd drive and did a fresh install of vista on my old dual core computer. It was huge improvement. I always had "not responding" messages and slow response times - it was an oem hp desktop. Both things - the new ssd os boot drive and the fresh install gave a whole new lease on life for my desktop computer. Though be warned if you have never done an os installation or fiddled with replacing harddrives and stuff its not for the faint of hearts. But you do have to start somewhere. Best advice is to ask a friend who is a techie to assist you - offer to buy them a gift card to bestbuy or a google play or steam gift card in exchange for helping. Sit in while they are doing it so you can start learning yourself. And it goes without saying but always BACKUP before making drastic hardware changes. Use a usb harddrive and something like the paragon backup software to make a backup. 
 I usually recommend anti-virus to your average person for one reason only. They are prone to just hitting ok to prompts. While not exactly viral, the malware people hit ok to install does far more harm than your basic virus's. i haven't had av installed in 15 years, and it think I've had to remove 3 virus's in total. 
 Originally Posted by Shian Kiri As a person who doesn't run performance enhancement programs or even anti-virus, I can definitely tell you that your behavior on your computer and just basic common sense can be all you need. You can, for the most part, also forgo anti-virus as this interferes with your computer more than it does good the majority of the time. It might be worth adding that many virus scanners also take up a lot of memory, which can also slow down your computer. If you are careful about what sites you visit and what you open, you should not need a virus scanner at all. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Actually memory isn't so much the issue nowadays, it the fact that it intercepts everything you do to check it, which is what makes it slow as sin. 
