http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152416-Fed-up-with-the-World
 Fed up with the World
 Is anyone else in the same boat as me because I for one cannot wait to die.... This world is a joke: - cops and the justice system do more bad then good from locking up innocent people and letting crimanls go because they know how to work the system which is so flawed its unfixable. - the governments all over the world do nothing but screw the people they are suppose to help and line their own pockets and do nothing but try to benifit themselves and to much more then i feel like typing but you all know - doctors make pills and pump them into people and they do not even know what the pills do and make people sicker then they started with. i bet we have all heard the phrase here try this and if it does not work we will try something else. - food is fake and pumped full of damaging chemicles to maximize profit and the more chemicles the cheaper the food and we wonder why the poor is so sick. - starving people int he world who could easily be fed but we would rather put money into expanding technology that has gone far beyond whats needed already making life so easy people become weak and sick because all they have to do is sit around and do nothing but press buttons for hrs. - we cut down trees and destroy farmland and water for profit even knowling these things are the building blocks of life. all while increaseing population far beyond what the world can handle. did you know were the only species that protects the weak? - we pen and abuse our animals in mass number all to stock mcdonalds and supermarkets. - we pen and abuse eachother in mass numbers humans are no more then a virus, a plague, a ****ing infestation on this planet and tho I live because i do not know what comes next and I think suicide is a cowards way out even tho im close and no im not depressed just hate the world and what it has been turned into. anyway just ranting because i had to get it out today...i feel it every day but sometimes it just boils up and i wish i could fix it but how...where do you start. 
 This is not suited for a forum. Thanks. You might want to visit a psychiatrist. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ This is not suited for a forum. Thanks. You might want to visit a psychiatrist. hmmm personal life discussion forum....i think it is suited for a forum and if you bothered to read it you would know its not about suicide its about being fed up with the state of the world and what people have turned a beautiful place into. and tho this is perfect for this section of the forum you post has clearly shown a forum is not a place for you since you clearly do not like to read just comment. 
 Yeah this doesn't strike me as a suicide thread so much as a really jaded and bitter person hung up on everything awful in the world, missing out on everything that makes life worth living. Hopefully the OP gets over this rough patch. 

 Sorry but this is a completely loaded topic with any negative comments possibly sounding like they don't care about the world. What you are talking about are things that are out of your control. What also makes this even more bonkers is how your forum title indicates suicide and yet you talk about not doing it in the thread. If you want things to change then get out of the house and esp make the change. I'm not talking about tree hugging as such but join the red cross or salvation army or something and help out people. All too often there are people that complain about problems yet don't want to help sort them out. I dunno. I just read this and thought it sounded a bit immature. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts Sorry but this is a completely loaded topic with any negative comments possibly sounding like they don't care about the world. What you are talking about are things that are out of your control. What also makes this even more bonkers is how your forum title indicates suicide and yet you talk about not doing it in the thread. If you want things to change then get out of the house and esp make the change. I'm not talking about tree hugging as such but join the red cross or salvation army or something and help out people. All too often there are people that complain about problems yet don't want to help sort them out. I dunno. I just read this and thought it sounded a bit immature. it called a catchy title...newspapers do it all the time. and as i said its just a rant of things that bug me that every now and again boils up to a point where I just need to get it out. as for trying to change it...its hopeless because the bad far outweighs the good and 90 percent of people think just as you do..oh we have no control over it and i was lucky enough to have one of the decent lives so its no my problem so why care. charities and all that crap have been around for years and they change nothing. They are no more then a public distraction for those who want to do something but do not because it is easier to just say oh i gave a few hundred bucks to the charity im a good person now. its like doctors...more concerned about cover the problem then getting to the root cause and fixing that but in this case the root cause is just people are ****ed and care about nothing but what benifits themselves. and i for one and not equiped to change people. this world has about another 200 or 300 years b4 farmland is all gone, real food does not exists. nature is nothing but something you see in the zoo. etc. 
 We'd be pretty lucky to last 200-300 years at our current rate of consumption actually, optimistic estimates don't even suggest we'll make it to the 22nd century at our current living standard. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean We'd be pretty lucky to last 200-300 years at our current rate of consumption actually, optimistic estimates don't even suggest we'll make it to the 22nd century at our current living standard. ya your right i just over exagurated so people dont come back with something like that not even that far away it wont happen blah blah blah.... i think one of the biggest thing that bugs me is when i bring it up to people almost everyone says: - who cares - not my problem - well why dont you fix it by yourself - oh your crazy for being concerned about the world i just wish i could have been born hundrends of years ago when the world was as it was suppose to be which is: - nature everywhere - living with the land not against it - strong survive( genetics are weak these days because sick unhealthy fat slobs are allowed to breed) look at the spartans their society was strong as **** because only the strong healthy and smart made it. we are the only species that protect the weak and are run by the weak. dont get me wrong computers and stuff are fun but the more technology we create the worse the world becomes...more garbage, more lazyness, more unhealthy people due to the garbage and lazyness....worse genetics..like i said i just cant wait to be done my time here and pray there is somewhere better 
 You would rather live 100 years ago... Back when WW1 started and during the smog filled air of the industrial revolution? Each to their own I guess. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts You would rather live 100 years ago... Back when WW1 started and during the smog filled air of the industrial revolution? Each to their own I guess. dunno if its reading or comprehension problems on forums these days lol no i would not as i said plenty of time if only you could read and comprehend is all that stuff is what i have a problem with...that is part of what people have turned the world into...i hate all the polution and corruption in every aspect of life these days... where i wanna live is b4 it all ...b4 houses and cars and raffic and machines and chemical infused food and most of all b4 money was invented b4 - cigs where manufactued b4- crack and meth and other drugs existed due to chemistry and greed b4 people learned they can profit of addiction and pain b4 guns and this list goes on 
 Before all that was invented would be several thousand years ago where men hunted with spears and dies by getting eaten by lions and bears at the age of 20. There are good things n this world and you're failing to see them. Maybe go on a holiday to somewhere like the south island of New Zealand. That's a nice place. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by Zenex ya your right i just over exagurated so people dont come back with something like that not even that far away it wont happen blah blah blah.... i think one of the biggest thing that bugs me is when i bring it up to people almost everyone says: - who cares - not my problem - well why dont you fix it by yourself - oh your crazy for being concerned about the world i just wish i could have been born hundrends of years ago when the world was as it was suppose to be which is: - nature everywhere - living with the land not against it - strong survive( genetics are weak these days because sick unhealthy fat slobs are allowed to breed) look at the spartans their society was strong as **** because only the strong healthy and smart made it. we are the only species that protect the weak and are run by the weak. dont get me wrong computers and stuff are fun but the more technology we create the worse the world becomes...more garbage, more lazyness, more unhealthy people due to the garbage and lazyness....worse genetics..like i said i just cant wait to be done my time here and pray there is somewhere better Curse all that technology and those weak individuals with their appendicitis! Only the strong should survive because I have no idea how evolution works but I can mindlessly repeat a catch phrase! Oh god I love people like you. Leave your social constructs and technology behind, go off into the wilderness, take off all your clothes and survive without the use of tools. Live as one with the land, with your rotten and decayed corpse. Originally Posted by Zenex where i wanna live is b4 it all ...b4 houses and cars and raffic and machines and chemical infused food and most of all b4 money was invented b4 - cigs where manufactued b4- crack and meth and other drugs existed due to chemistry and greed b4 people learned they can profit of addiction and pain b4 guns and this list goes on Before learning to profit from others' pain? So you're looking for a time before life? 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Nah, I cannot wait to die either! Sure, the world has its problems, but I want to die just out of curiosity. Not that I am going to commit suicide. I am just looking forward to it when it inevitably happens. As for the problems with the world, you alone cannot change it. Problems of humanity requires humanity to solve it. What you can do is just better yourself, so you can be involved, but not entangled in the mess. Do not forget, there are plenty of good things in this world as well. Perhaps it would be worthwhile for you to use your life to help those that you can reach. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Not sure which thread is more depressing. The "what's the point of life" thread or this. Dude just because life in general sucks doesn't mean YOUR life has to. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 @Ian, Imo it isn't a rough patch, it is just reality. If anything, it is just getting worse and worse, despite all the advances we make. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts Before all that was invented would be several thousand years ago where men hunted with spears and dies by getting eaten by lions and bears at the age of 20. There are good things n this world and you're failing to see them. Maybe go on a holiday to somewhere like the south island of New Zealand. That's a nice place. now your getting it...yes back then because that is how life is suppose to be. - people are suppose to poop and piss on the ground like animals do because thos things provide nutrients to the planet and for things to grow... - people are suppose to live and die in nature. eaten by animals to be pooped back out and provide more nutrients to the planets - then new people are born and the same happens again and human genes and bodies stay strong because only the strong live long enough to breed. its called the circle of life and it was like that for million of years b4 people invented ****...now look at it. what has it been like 3 - 5 hundreds years and people have stripped the planet bare and have put it in a state it can not recover from and probably not even that long because it only has really gotten bad since we invented machines and started producing things that cannot be broken down in massive amounts... - cutting down trees to build roads and buildings and factories so we can mass produce things we do not need and packaging for the things we do not need - making dumps and landfills to funnel all the crap that we dont even know what to do with ( stop making it if you cant deal with what comes after wink wink not that complicated) the list just goes on forever....humans call rape illegal but that is exactly what we have done to this planet we gang rapped it without remorse - we pretend to be its rulers and impose laws upon it when the only real iron clad law in this world is if it can happen it could happen...what right do we have to jail people - we decide what is ok and what is not based on fake ass **** like being gay all of a sudden it is ok because gay people do not choose their sexuality well guess what neither do child molestors and people who like animals and more...but people decide what is law. - we call murder wrong meanwhile thousands of years ago it was fine and people were sacrificed to the gods blah blah blah... - we lock people up like animals and put them in solitary all because they broke some fake ass law created by people who destroyed the earth in the first place but nope no law against destroying the planet on a global scale so the most evil people get rich instead of punished. i could go on for days about the bs in this world and what people have done to it. 
 you should consider going to the suicidal people forums, in a simple words, the worlds not perfect and nothing can be perfect theirs no such thing as perfect, i cant even read you who post it makes me sick that you only find the flaws in every thing. the justice system only puts inocent people behind bars, just stupid and only seeing flaws, there always causality in war doctors pumping us with pills? you need some pills X.X they do that to help us and people pump them self from over dosing. and finaly food filled with chemicals, its called organic food or have a damn garden. finally because am sick to my stomach, seek help and a admin should really close this thread. if you cant wait to die then go sit in traffic or somthing.... 
 Code: Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews this is my signature there are many like it but this one is mine 
 Good thing you have the option of just killing yourself, amirite? If any of what you're trying to sell here was actually true, why not just kill yourself? Are you a coward, too afraid to face the unknown of death? Are you a masochist perhaps, so pained by living and seeing the world in its present state, but relishing that delicious pain and suffering? Or are you just bullshitting for attention, putting on a production with your self-proclaimed "catchy title" and your comical posts? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Good thing you have the option of just killing yourself, amirite? If any of what you're trying to sell here was actually true, why not just kill yourself? Are you a coward, too afraid to face the unknown of death? Are you a masochist perhaps, so pained by living and seeing the world in its present state, but relishing that delicious pain and suffering? Or are you just bullshitting for attention, putting on a production with your self-proclaimed "catchy title" and your comical posts? Aaand I still dont know why the **** this thread isn't locked. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Pured @Ian, Imo it isn't a rough patch, it is just reality. If anything, it is just getting worse and worse, despite all the advances we make. Oh I didn't mean the world is experiencing a rough patch, I meant the OP is. Because being unable to appreciate what's good in life and being bogged down in all the crap is something I think most people experience at least once in life. Ya just gotta accept what you have control over and what ya don't, and then not let the latter get to you too much. Only way to enjoy life. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Oh I didn't mean the world is experiencing a rough patch, I meant the OP is. Because being unable to appreciate what's good in life and being bogged down in all the crap is something I think most people experience at least once in life. Ya just gotta accept what you have control over and what ya don't, and then not let the latter get to you too much. Only way to enjoy life. “Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking.” - Marcus Aurelius 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I get what you are saying zenex, the world does have its flaws but what do you expect...peace, harmomy, and everybody singing kumbaya. you want "only the strongest will survive" but that ended when the strongest decided to keep the weak around and do all these things you are talking about. the strong control the police, the government, doctors, big companies, and basically everything in the world. its how it goes. but my reason for posting- what makes you think you are better than the bad people you are talking about? how have you contributed to society? what gives you the right to criticize others actions? If you are not part of the solution, then you are part of the problem. 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 That quote is true because depression and happiness are the causes of the perception of the mind. It's simply an effect of the way you perceive the world and people perceive it differently. There is nothing to be curious about for death because you simply cease to exist. Your conscious and your existence simply vanishes and there is no more "you". There is nothing mysterious about it whatsoever; people just decided to put their own dumb beliefs into it to make it something other than what it is. Let me ask you something. Life does suck indeed, but have you done whatever you possibly could to improve it? I highly doubt that. If we are all gonna die why wouldnt your pain and suffering compel you to keep living just for the sake of walking to the future to see it unfold till the very end. At least that's what motivates me to keep going. 
 Originally Posted by Zenex - cops and the justice system do more bad then good from locking up innocent people and letting crimanls go because they know how to work the system which is so flawed its unfixable. - doctors make pills and pump them into people and they do not even know what the pills do and make people sicker then they started with. i bet we have all heard the phrase here try this and if it does not work we will try something else. - food is fake and pumped full of damaging chemicles to maximize profit and the more chemicles the cheaper the food and we wonder why the poor is so sick. - we cut down trees and destroy farmland and water for profit even knowling these things are the building blocks of life. all while increaseing population far beyond what the world can handle. did you know were the only species that protects the weak? Cops and the Justice System: No matter what country you go to, these flaws exist. Cops are people and are subject to fallacies. No matter what time period you go to, these flaws existed. If you want to do something about it, become a bit more politically inclined, boost your charisma, pull a Ghandi and develop a cult like following. Doctors and Pills: Doctors aren't the same as Big Pharm. Big Pharm is a multibillion dollar industry that has ****ed people all over the world. It is the double edged dick telling you to bend over and wait. Big Pharm is big in health insurance and HMOs which determines what doctor you see/can afford. And those Doctors are either a ***** or a willing accomplice in the madness. The *****es are the ones who can get expensive medication for free for patients who can't afford it but need it. Willing accomplices are the ones employed specifically o do bare minimum testing your health plan cover and nada else. Genetically Modified Foods Most foods that are bought at any store/restaurant/and even some farms are genetically modified. It's been that way for decades. If you have a problem with that change your lifestyle. I did so be assured it is possible. But at the end of the day you have to realize that billions of people all over the globe will not change and that in and of itself is another problem: our population far exceeds the ability for food to be readily available for he masses by yester-century means. Instead of talking about this as a problem think of this abstinence applications. More people need to do one of the following: 1) stop getting knocked up 2) more people need to start adopting children 3) More people need to die Going Green and Saving Trees Why do we need to cut so many trees? Because out population is booming and we need more space to house more people? Well maybe we should reduce our population. Maybe it's because businesses want to expand? Maybe we should put limits on the extent and modes of expansions. Holy ****, maybe it's because we need more room for farms and factories to feed people. And let's not forget the commodities gained from forests. Instead of constantly buying **** maybe you should enjoy the stuff you already have. No demand no need to supply. Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts If you want things to change then get out of the house and esp make the change. I'm not talking about tree hugging as such but join the red cross or salvation army or something and help out people. All too often there are people that complain about problems yet don't want to help sort them out. Red Cross is for people who mean well but also love the bullshit that comes with bureaucracy. Originally Posted by Zenex its hopeless because the bad far outweighs the good and 90 percent of people think just as you do..oh we have no control over it and i was lucky enough to have one of the decent lives so its no my problem so why care. Instead of complaining be one of the 10% who actually does something about it. Originally Posted by Zenex i just wish i could have been born hundrends of years ago when the world was as it was suppose to be which is: - nature everywhere - living with the land not against it - strong survive dont get me wrong computers and stuff are fun but the more technology we create the worse the world becomes...more garbage, more lazyness, more unhealthy people due to the garbage and lazyness....worse genetics..like i said i just cant wait to be done my time here and pray there is somewhere better Technology is supposed to make life easier and certain tasks less laborious. A byproduct is all the fun nifty toys that fuel consumerism and mining in regions rich in "nature." On the other hand several hundred years ago or even a century ago, the life expectancy of a human wasn't really high. I think in he year 1905 most people were in the mindset of having more kids because most children didn't live beyond age 10. So about a century ago, you wouldn't be alive around to have made such a post. Not just because the internet wasn't around. Originally Posted by Zenex b4 - cigs where manufactued b4- crack and meth and other drugs existed due to chemistry and greed b4 people learned they can profit of addiction and pain b4 guns Drugs have been around since the dawn of time. It wasn't until began using botany and ethnobotany in combination with technology that drugs became a problem. And if there were drug addicts way back when, they certainly didn't last long Guns are modern day weapons. Weapons have been around since humans learned to use the environment around them to make tools. Originally Posted by Struggler “Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking.” - Marcus Aurelius Look at that one little X chromosome at work. Wit, capacity for memorable quotes, all possible because of the X chromosome. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I love how, everyday, I have the opportunity to help make this world a better place... to leave it better than I found it. I can't wait to wake up every single morning; it's a new day and with it chance to witness people grow. To see them mature and watch them accomplish extraordinary feats of compassion, technological innovation, and progress. I love being alive and I love helping others achieve their dreams. 
 Last edited by Captain Picard; 11-06-2013 at 05:47 PM. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
