http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153506-Can-you-go-back
 Can you go back?
 I had an interesting discussion with a few of my friends on some other sites and in real life. It actually brought up a nice point that I hear from a lot of people. A lot of my friends say they cant play anything retro or older because they are so used to playing things in hi-def and/or better graphics. So my question for you A4 is.... With all the new hd, state of the art graphics out with new games and consoles, can you still play older games/consoles? Personally, I switch back and forth between games constantly so it doesnt even bother me much. I don't play games for graphics only either way. I can play Halo 4, then tetris, then Devil may cry, then super mario bros 3, and then go right into Phantasy Star online without even thinking twice. Im just one of those type of gamers. I think its weird how something like graphics can define a game for somebody but thats just me. So how about you guys? thoughts and opinions? 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Galaga still has a place on my PC and my phone. Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is still the greatest game I've ever played. Grahpics dont mean ****. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 I am kind of both ways. A game I might enjoy but no longer because of its age do exist. I have tried to play the original metroid or legend of zelda, but I can't get into them. However, I have enjoyed playing the mario series and pokemon blue. And classic arcade games are still a blast. 
  Spoiler 
 The shitty mechanics and poor game design (with obvious exceptions) of old games bother me, so pretty much the only things anyone would ever catch me playing from pre-95ish are 2D jrpgs -- excluding things that simply don't age, like Tetris 'n such. Dated graphics generally don't bother me, unless we're talking Xenogears, which I can barely stomach looking at. I greatly prefer modern graphics, of course, but I'm not terribly put off by big fat polygons -- and I love sprites; always have and always will. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Dude I still play Tibia and DMC 3 from time to time. These games are so hardcore makes it so much fun to go back to them. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Yes, I can, but only my favorite games. I do not bother trying new (old) games anymore. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I actually still own a gameboy color and I love the thing I personally think that none of it is above another...Each console has it's specific traits I like and dislike and in the end they all have huge pros but huge cons also 
 I play a lot of new games, but I still go back and play some of my old favorites. Earlier, I was playing Super Mario RPG, and I usually have my N64 hooked up in my bedroom and play it several times a week. 

 I like Dwarf Fortress. Graphics don't get any less impressive without moving to a text-based game. I do find some of the early 3D stuff, like PS1 era games, to be somewhat painful to work through sometimes, but usually my biggest issue with older games are the interfaces and menu systems and stuff, of the combat. Even in things like SRPGs that haven't advanced a ton over the years, some of the streamlining and changes they've made with those sorts of systems can make it difficult to want to play older titles. 

 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Yes, I can, but only my favorite games. I do not bother trying new (old) games anymore. Same here, except I go back to try the classics I missed out on, like DMC, MGS, God of War, etc. Currently(as I type) playing Resident Evil 4. Also, 1+ to Templar, yup OoT is still one of the greatest, but regardless of what a masterpiece it was, it can't hold up against newer amazing titles such as Skyrim and GTA V. On a side note, IMHO The Last of Us is the best (single player/story mode wise) game I've yet to play. 
 Last edited by Wuhdever; 12-07-2013 at 06:47 AM. 
 I routinely play SMW, Mario Kart 64, Megaman, Castlevania, and ChronoTrigger. For me I do enjoy many new games, but it has nothing to do with graphics and everything to do with the lessons learned in game design, character development, mechanics, etc. The biggest thing new games have going for them is the natural progression to online multiplayer. It's getting harder to find people to play games with offline, the fact I can jump online at any time and play, socialize, and make friends with people from across the globe is amazing. That being said there's nothing like sitting in front of a big screen with your friends shouting at the top of your lungs. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 I love the retro graphics of games. You can always see how creative the designers were because they were so limited by hardware. The worst part is having a lot of nostalgia for a game that you thought was fun or really difficult so you decide to replay it but realize that it actually wasn't very fun and the difficulty was just bad game design but you played it to death because you had no other games. 
 Yeah the classics are always great to go back to for me. I find myself going back and replaying some of the older Zelda games, such as Link to the Past, Links Awakening and Zelda 2 without troubles. Usually I find some of the games that don't change much harder to go back too. I found some of the NES Final Fantasy games really hard to get into, also, I'd imagine it difficult for anyone to play Pokemon Red/Blue/Yellow, which wasn't an issue for me because I grew up on them. 
 The problem I have with playing older games (mainly ones I have played and enjoyed a lot in the past) is not even the graphics. For me it's, for whatever reason, that they're just not as fun as I remember them. Somewhat strange, don't know why that is. For example Lego Racers 2 was really fun back when I was still an itty bitty kid and I got it earlier this year again. Finished it, then I was just done with it. :/ 
 
 I think there's a small problem with our language here. Games are, when you get down to it, a big bunch of rules used to allow agents to move through space, interact with other agents, and make choices. In that sense older games tend to be tighter, more mechanically sound, and more liable to rely on replayability. This was due to the severe lack of visual fidelity available to people at the time. Back then you had to have a solid game first and maybe a half-decent visual presentation to go with that. Video games these days are less games and more theme or fantasy and tend to be a whole mess of small games wrapped up in a big package in hopes of appealing to as many people as possible -- there's decidedly little "game" in our games these days compared to other artistic aspects. Skyrim, for example, is a ton of games all wrapped up to serve a theme and story. Movement is a game, combat is a game, lockpicking is a game, leveling up is a game; it's a big mess of things that are being used to work toward a larger goal (i.e. being a really good murderer in a fantasy setting). For all intents and purposes, Skyrim simply could not exist if you go back enough, and anyone trying to make anything like it would water down the visuals and focus on the mechanics and, likely, improving on them. I love Skyrim, but things like the combat system or the lock picking system are total crap but exist to serve the theme. I can play older games because they emphasize the "game" part of the game, the actual mechanics involved in moving in space and interacting with other agents within that space. I like newed games because I love themes, stories, and characters, and I love that you can use game mechanics within those aspects to make those things interactive and interesting. But modern game mechanics, especially those found in big, triple A titles, are often lazy, misguided, or just plain bad because it's the theme they're emphasizing first. It's why things like Zelda: Ocarina of time is widely loved and praised despite having decidedly bad mechanics. 

 Thinking on it I think a major issue involved in "going back" is the fact that the newer systems keep doing remakes and ports where they're boosting the graphics so when it gets down to it the old games have been revamped into a modern style to the point you can't really call it "going back" so much as experiencing the game in a different way. 
