http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152432-Love-her-or-Hate-her-she-s-Lana-Del-Rey
 Love her or Hate her she's Lana Del Rey.
 Recently around two years ago I stumbled upon the artist Kerli posting a video of an artist called Lana Del Rey. I've been a fan of Kerli for many, many years so I decided to give it a listen. Instantly I was tranced by Lana's rich old time sounding vocals. Here are some speculations to debate. I'm not one for labels but, I hear a lot that people call Lana the "hipster" queen which seems to be a trend around places that are bigger than the tiny city I live in where kids are still wearing Tripp pants and skinny jeans thinking it's the latest trend. Now that being that she is a character a persona if you will. A lot of people think that she hides behind a gimmic. Using sexual references with her lyrics to get record sales not to mention her vintage esque music videos. Her father is a very rich man but, She claims that she didn't use any of his money to start her music career. There aren't any real facts saying if this is true or false. Did Lana get plastic surgery? While this could be true who cares? It's the 21st century who in hollywood doesn't these days? From what I can tell Lana loves her fans. Out of anyone I see people posting about it's never a bad thing when a fan meets her in person. Videos posted on Youtube show her engaging in natural conversation and very lax around them. It seems genuine but, from lack of personal experience I can't say it is. She seems very humble. She doesn't boast about having a hit song or 1,000,000 views on a video. She doesn't take ****. I saw her post something on a video that simply said "F*** you" to someone that dissed her and she once told an interviewer to shut up. Maybe you don't care but, I like a person that doesn't just sit and take other people's ****. She has more songs released that a lot of artists 5 years in the games. If you look up Lana on Youtube you will find that while she has two cds released she also has an insane amount of unreleased tracks. Where do they even come from? She must love singing if she's recorded so many songs. They're mostly all studio quality as well. She writes her own music. This is always a plus mark in my book when someone writes there own music it has a different vibe to it that is more emotional rather than something that you might leave on if it's playing on the radio because, it's fun to sing to like most pop music. -------------------------- Do you think Lana is more than just a gimmic and a real artist that is valuable to the world of music, or just another trend following pop starlet that is in it for the fame and the money? Do you love her or hate her? I personally can't get enough of her. I don't think I'll ever stop loving her voice and style. Her best IMO.  Spoiler Here's her with some fans.  Spoiler 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Was surprised at the vitriol spewed her way but then I realised it was on the internet. Go figure. It was especially funny as most of the 'haters' loved her stuff until her personal life became news and then people somehow felt betrayed. Anyway, I thought her stuff was bearable but after listening to her again recently I find she's like Lorde. But like sh1t. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Was surprised at the vitriol spewed her way but then I realised it was on the internet. Go figure. It was especially funny as most of the 'haters' loved her stuff until her personal life became news and then people somehow felt betrayed. Anyway, I thought her stuff was bearable but after listening to her again recently I find she's like Lorde. But like sh1t. So you liked her, then you didn't like her isn't that kind of the same thing that everyone else did when her personal life was exposed? I mean I understand it could be for other reasons but, we as humans tend to be easily influenced to follow trend. If people think something is bad so do we. Such as if enough friends tell you don't listen to that, you most likely won't. It's just speculation. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Originally Posted by The King of Horror So you liked her, then you didn't like her isn't that kind of the same thing that everyone else did when her personal life was exposed? I mean I understand it could be for other reasons but, we as humans tend to be easily influenced to follow trend. If people think something is bad so do we. Such as if enough friends tell you don't listen to that, you most likely won't. It's just speculation. Er...no. I found her stuff bearable (it got a lot of radio play) but found it funny that people who previously liked her did a swift u-turn after her private life came to light. After actually listening to more of her stuff she isn't that good. Personal taste and all that. Hope that's cleared things up for you. If I was looking for something like this to listen to I'd probably much quicker go to Florence. Florence and the machine? Kinda different vibes and I don't mean FATM are actually good. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I had honestly never heard of her until I watched the movie "The Great Gatsby." To be honest, I have no real opinion on her one way or the other, but I think she has a nice voice. 
 I don't have too much of an opinion on her. I do like her voice and she has some good songs, and some meh songs. What I don't get is why people become so obsessed with musicians' personal lives, labels, image etc etc. Just let the music speak for itself. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Crwallenberg I don't have too much of an opinion on her. I do like her voice and she has some good songs, and some meh songs. What I don't get is why people become so obsessed with musicians' personal lives, labels, image etc etc. Just let the music speak for itself. Every song I've heard by her has been at least what I would call good, her voice and writing always do the trick well enough for me. However some songs her hooks and choruses are so much better than others, kind of puts some of them to shame. Like the song you posted King, doesn't really have a highlighted point of listening throughout... kinda dull to my ears' tastes(still a good song though). When the car trunk door hit her head I know that hurt, and she must've felt awkward af. Kept that smile up though. She seems pretty cool and down to earth enough, but she definitely seems to put on plenty of masks for the public. 
 Originally Posted by Mihstah Every song I've heard by her has been at least what I would call good, her voice and writing always do the trick well enough for me. eh hundred dollar bill I can't get behind. The music is meh and the lyrics feel like she was drunk when she wrote them. Not a fan of that one 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Crwallenberg eh hundred dollar bill I can't get behind. The music is meh and the lyrics feel like she was drunk when she wrote them. Not a fan of that one Yeah, not very good. I still dig it in some respects though. Although, her having a song like that with the life she had... hmm it is kind of bothersome to a fan. Also, I found the song that made me love her, all the musical climaxes in this song, her voice, her style, just perfect:  Spoiler 
 I've heard songs, and while they're not awful, they're just nothing great. If I was looking for something like this to listen to I'd probably much quicker go to Florence. 

 Ellie Goulding> lana del rey. She is overrated as hell. But then again I don't exactly listen to artists most people have heard of. Most of the female artists I listen to are leagues and miles beyond her. 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Ellie Goulding> lana del rey. She is overrated as hell. But then again I don't exactly listen to artists most people have heard of. Most of the female artists I listen to are leagues and miles beyond her. Woah Zero that's like comparing Madonna to Judy Garland. Completely different sound. Though I love Ellie Goulding she has a great voice and her music has that techno edge without it being annoying. @Oh Snap : Alright I was just wondering if you felt the same way they did but, at the end of the day yes, we all have our own opinion. @ Mistah and Crawlenberg : I have a few that I think are okay and there is two I can think of that are basically bad. Which would be Queen of the Gas Station and Noir. Who doesn't have bad songs though? Also check out the song Never Let Me Go it's one of her best unreleased. @ Doctor Strange : I love Florence but, have no idea how you could find similarities in her and Lana at all. Lana has a small voice thaT carries out notes much like an old time singer. She covered Blue Velvet and it really fit well. While I can't imagine a huge vocal goddess like Florence singing something like that and it sounding the same. @Joanro : Thanks for your input. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Ok, lets not get carried away now.... 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 She cute but im not really a fan...but as for people that "hate" her: 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
