http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156912-Tokyo-Ghoul/page4
[Horror] Tokyo Ghoul - Page 4
 Ohh boy the torture part is freaky. Kudos to Ken's VC making him sounding really suffering. I get the feeling the series a bit rushed. No? 
 This suffers a lot from adaptation decay, and thus seems a bit rushed. In other news, the manga ended brilliantly, and those of you that are going to simply wait for the series to finish might get really mad. 
 
 Originally Posted by 早乙女乱麻 This suffers a lot from adaptation decay, and thus seems a bit rushed. In other news, the manga ended brilliantly, and those of you that are going to simply wait for the series to finish might get really mad. The manga's ending was far from brilliant, IMO. You totally forgot to add your own "IMO" to that post of yours, by the way. Too many unanswered questions, and a spoken-whispers sequel which will be coming out god-knows-when, where the guarantee of seeing familiar faces is not certified or legit. That's bad news! You hit the mark with the adaptation decay though, the anime also left a variety of unanswered questions at its ending and skipped a lot of character development. Maybe they'll renew it for a second season later? 
 Intense, all because of Rize. Accept and you shall become unstoppable. Only 12 episodes, it seems not over yet thou. EDIT: Haven;t read the manga. so yeah 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ Intense, all because of Rize. Accept and you shall become unstoppable. Only 12 episodes, it seems not over yet thou. EDIT: Haven;t read the manga. so yeah Finished airing. 
 So are we expecting a sequel? What kind of horror anime only has 12 episodes that starts a new story basically and not even ending one. Tokyo Ghoul was very good in the idea but there was no purpose almost and no central conflict that stands out. The last episode is so badass though and was so freaking amazing. I hope we get a sequel. I hope the manga has a decent ending :/ 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Second season is confirmed and it will air this january. 
 THIS EPISODE WAS BREATH TAKING .... **** IT WAS AMAZING.... Finally Kaneki is badass !! HE IS AWESOME !! Will the finger cracking become his thing ?? This was one of the best season endings ever ... Can't wait for season 2 !! Stupid Jan 2015 come faster!! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Season 2 confirmed? Awesome. Manga ending left a lot to be desired though. Manga sequel is confirmed though. 
 Yup Season 2 confirmed ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Everything about that post is great...except that it's a hyperlink to Crunchyroll. *sigh* **** that site. 
 So looking forward to the return of Tokyo Ghoul in January!! <3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I adored Tokyo Ghoul. 
 Steam - obscenex2 League of Legends - Obscene Sardine 
 Me too... but especially the new white-haired Ken Kaneki who we barely got to see in action! This is going to be a fine season! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I just finished watching the series. Now, I heard that the manga is actually pretty good. And I can believe that. There are lots of series where the anime adaptation is just not up to par with the manga. With that being said... I did not enjoy the series at all. 6/10 is the best I can do, personally. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 I read the manga after season one was finished. I'm very excited to watch season two, it's going to be wicked. I hope the story doesn't go so far as to the ending...the manga's ending was just...blegh. 
 I'm pumped that the sequel came out so fast. The ending to season 1 was so exciting and then it just stopped 
 Here come white hair. Looking forward as the fights continue..... 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Great manga, not sure about the anime. But the ending was so inconclusive... But hey there's season 2...but...  Spoiler WHERE THE F IS KANEKI FUUUUUUUUU 

 Kaneki became extremely badass, really fast. 
 Steam - obscenex2 League of Legends - Obscene Sardine 
 OMG, it's here! The second season has started! >_< 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Awesome!! I don't really like the new op but I won't dwell on that...Kaneki joining up with the enemy was interesting twist, but I guess it makes sense if I think about it. His conversation with Ayato makes me think that he plans to destroy the organization from the inside, but that is only my speculations. The episode was great, maybe more Kaneki badass action would have made it even greater. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Ya I was very confused as to why kaneki would join the bad guys... Like, did I miss something? 
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 Ya I was very confused as to why kaneki would join the bad guys... Like, did I miss something?  Spoiler Something happened between the seasons that after Arima defeated him he lost his memory and they brainwashed him or something like that. Anyways, I have not watched the anime, only read the manga, so it may be slightly different. 

 What the hell is that OP, the first season had a way better one, and what is "Radical A"?! Ooo, damn that's some brutal sibling rivalry. "Dolce." Excellent line delivery. Those suits are wicked. The Anti-Ghoul units get rekt so much in this plot, I kind of stopped feeling bad for them by now. CGI? Didn't expect CGI, and it was used so briefly. Man, I am a bit irked that after all that terrible abuse by Ayato Kaneki's full smackdown on the guy was cut. The manga had really satisfying ways of portraying Kaneki's bad-ass attitude. All that dust isn't affecting your eyes Kaneki, lol? All these little mummified girls are just creepy and a bit bland. Oh my god it's English! What a thrilling ending, and that art in the credits was fantastic. Awesome first episode. Radical A looks...radical. 
