http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159110-Jurassic-World
 Jurassic World
 Originally Posted by goji2099 but when you call it competent, or hold it to an unfair standard against other films, that's where there is an issue. Look at "Arachnophobia" and "Kingdom of the Spiders". One of them is a well loved cult film from the nineties, the other frequently quoted as one of the worst movies ever made. Both have the same plot. Why do we like one more than the other? What makes "Arachnophobia' different? And yet, Friday the 13th was also a well-loved cult horror classic, regardless of the technicalities. People love Jason Voorhees; you're the only one who seem to think that his movies have to be either technically superior or be compared to utter s*** like Transformers 2. Did you know that the Scream movies aren't written very well too? Yet, many people find the first movie to be a good movie, as do I, simply for the fact that it's entertaining. As you can see, 'good' is a subjective term applied here. Whether it's 'technically competent' or not might be another matter, one that I don't really care about at this point (though I don't necessarily disregard technical competence entirely for every movie), simply because I enjoyed the movie. In fact, let's take a look at another example - Fairy Tail. Did you know that I find it to be one of the worst shounen anime ever made, right before Naruto? Yet many people find these anime to be 'good' due to the characters they fell in love with, and it's certainly a point that I could relate to, simply because personal perspectives about art can be changed depending on what you experience in life and what you don't experience, and some of these people had Fairy Tail as their first anime, hence they feel that the anime is 'good', regardless of what the world thinks. And I don't see a problem with that. I'd disagree with them, sure, but I won't jump down their throat simply because they like something. I felt the same about Digimon Adventure, even though I know, technically speaking, there are more well-made anime out there. In fact, I think that the Digimon dub sucks ass. The music is corny as hell compared to the more competent lyrics of the original, the dialogues are full of silly pun jokes, and the overall tone of the show is less serious. But many Americans seem to find it to be a perfectly competent cartoon, even one that deserves to be contended with the much more well-made Pokemon dub. If we are going to nitpick every other little thing each of us like and dislike, judge what each of us think to be good and bad, we won't get anywhere fast. Hence there's a phrase called, "agree to disagree". It's a fun movie. I don't care what you 'objectively' think to be accurate by your universal standards and whatnot, I think it's a fun movie. Sue me. Call me wrong, whatever. It's no skin off my back, since I'd still enjoy the movie and think it's good regardless of what you think. 
 Last edited by JohnWolff; 01-26-2015 at 01:58 AM. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
