http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?130362-Glass-Academy-for-Inhuman-Beings
[OOC] Glass Academy for Inhuman Beings
 Backstory: Welcome to Glass Academy, the school for inhuman beings. This is a school for anthropoids whom have a simple change in DNA, causing them to have abilities higher then any human capabilities. Some are small, but some are large, such as a change species. Each year, two humans, one boy and one girl, are admitted to see if a successful molecular change can be achieved, and, ultimately, to find if humans are able to communicate and live with creatures of a different DNA structure with ease. The school runs for eight hours, from 5 PM to 1 AM, to help the vampire counterparts, and other night creatures. A morning schedule is also available, for those who function best during the day. This class run from 7 AM to 3 PM. A meal is offered during each of these school schedules. Each student may choose which schedule they wish to have their education during. Halfway through the year, the students may switch to the early or late schedule if they find that the schedule they chose at the beginning of the year is not for them. Each class period consists of all of the students who chose to be in that schedule, and lasts one hour. Hybrids, vampires, werewolves, and other were animals reside in the west wing of the dormitory. Beings who have advanced mental capabilities, such as mind reading, telekinesis, mental shields, thought implanting, and other abilities that require higher mental capabilities to achieve reside in the east wing of the dormitory. Teachers and other school staff reside in the north wing, while the 8 humans lie in the south wing, in a very luxurious home. In the west and east wing, each dorm consists of two queen size beds, a walk in closet, two dressers, a kitchenette with a full sized fridge, and a full bathroom. In the north wing, each room has a king size bed, a walk in closet, a kitchenette, two dressers, and a full bathroom with a jacuzzi tub. In the south wing suite, there is eight bedrooms, each with a queen sized bed, a walk in closet, and a dresser. There is a full sized kitchen for everyone's use. There are 3 full bathrooms, and 5 half baths. There is a large study complete with 8 desks and various supplies. At 4 PM every day, a feast is served. Each student receives as much as they would like, as it it served in a buffet style. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday are days where classes are taught. Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday are free days for staff and students. They can be used to rest, hunt, practice one's abilities, and to get work done. Thread Essentials: Rules! Everyone hates them, but we need some kind of order. 1. No god-modding, only I, the GM, may do this to some degree. 2. If you are inactive for more than a week, I will bunny your character, and drop them after two weeks inactive on the app. 3. If I am inactive for a week, you all may vote for a new GM within the app. If I come back before the two week mark, then I should be renamed GM again. 4. No arguing over things that I have already taken care of. 5. FOLLOW THE RULES! 6. No whining over me not accepting you or asking you to change your character. 7. Romance, drama, and (IC) fighting is encouraged! Important Information: These are the positions your character can have- The positions for school staff are as follows: English teacher- male or female Math teacher- male or female Abilities study teacher 1- male Abilities study teacher 2- TAKEN History- TAKEN Headmaster- TAKEN Café server- TAKEN Café server- TAKEN Café server- TAKEN Combats teacher- TAKEN Human spots taken by grade: Freshmen: Male= open Female= open Sophomore: Male= open Female= open Junior: Male= open Female= open Senior: Male= open Female= open Student Positions: All open! Character Skeleton: Post it here, in the OOC thread. Name: Age: Gender: Species and Abilities: Relationship Status: Position: Appearance Description: Brief History: Early or Late Class: Other: My Characters: Name: Juliana (Julie) LaCrew Age: 179 (looks 22) Gender: Female Species and Abilities: Vampire (agrokinesis) Relationship Status: Crush on Raphael Position: Headmaster Appearance Description: Julie has shoulder-length, wavy, auburn hair, freckles, and grey eyes. She is medium height and very thin. Her skin is pale. She normally wears flowery dresses and cute skirts that make her eyes pop. Brief History: Being born in the 1830's she is very resistant to technology. As a child, she was stricken with the Spanish flu, and almost died. Her vampirism was revealed when she made a one day recovery after her near death experience. She immediately ran away, to embrace her nature. She met many friends and foes, and watched each one of them die while she still remained young and full of vigor. She founded the academy for all inhumans so she could watch everyone as the found themselves, and fell in love. She also founded it to connect with other vampires and prep them for their long and upsetting future. Early or Late Class: Both, considering that she is the headmaster. Other: She prefers to be called Julie by other staff but Juliana by students. Name: Caitlin (Cate) Wood Age: 16 Species and Abilities:Atmokinesis, mind reading, long livability (She is 347 and only looks 16. SHE IS NOT IMMORTAL. She can be killed.) Relationship Status: Crush on Fallen Position: Junior Appearance Description: Cate has long, blonde hair and topaz eyes. She has ivory skin. She is about 5' 4" and is 95 pounds. Normally, she wears jeans and band tees. Brief History: Cate was chosen to be in the Human/Inhuman Communications Program because of her carefree and calm nature. She has been in the program for two years now, and is happy to be there. Her parents do not like the fact that she is in the Academy, but she has told them many times that she would prefer to be there. She has an extremely good relationship with Juliana. Early or Late Class: Early Other: Cate has the ability of atmokinesis and mind reading, but has not told anyone for fear they would call her out for lying about being a pure blood human. (THIS WAS REVEALED ALREADY.) 
 Last edited by Kalbells; 08-07-2012 at 03:13 PM. 
 Name: Raphael Haven Age: 24 Species and Abilities: Angel (pyrokinesis) Relationship Status: single Position: History teacher Appearance Description: Tall, black short hair, fair skinned, black wings, bright green eyes. Brief History: Raphael was born inhuman to a human family. But his birth parents decided to keep him, due to their religious ties, they saw his abnormality as a blessing from god, not a curse. He discovered his power at the age of 7 when he accidently burned down the house they lived in during a break in in the middle of the night. Since he started school he always admired teachers, and aspired to become one. But being non human he wasn't able to teach at normal schools, but when he found out about the position in glass academy he went for it. Early or Late Class: teacher (so both?) Other: laid back, calm, smart 
 Yes, you are correct on both classes. And accepted. 
 Just bumping this up. New members would be appreciated. 
 Name: Felian Kotchia Age: 27 Gender: female Species and Abilities: Water Nymph (water manipulation) Relationship Status: Single Position: Abilities teacher Appearance Description: 5'9" she has red hair that comes down to her shoulders, green eyes, and slim build Brief History: She was raised by a elder couple who were looking for a purpose in life, they loved her for what she was and even came to think of her as their child. She attended a small country school were even there no one bothered her when they discovered what she was. It was two years after her graduation that the elderly couple passed away and left her a small fortune to continue her schooling. She took online course to get her teaching degree, but before she could finish, she was approached by Glass Academy to teach there as a abilities teacher. Early or Late Class: both Other: energetic, out going, and childish 
Why do feeders exist in MOBA's... Why can't they all die? 
 I'm going to be as active as possible, but unfortunatly, I can't make promices. Name: Memphis Handhaven Age: 17 Gender: male Species and Abilities: human/mutant? (Mind Reading + incredible memory) Relationship Status: single Position: student Senior Appearance Description: 5'10" Grey eyes and  Spoiler Brief History: He was born in a sophisticated community and was able to recieve high levels of eduucation for his age. He however was constantly accussed of cheating when he gave out answers on quizes, exam, finals, and college level tests before they were even passed to the class with his ability to read the minds of those he met. He has also been noticed completeing teachers sentensises and in some cases the entire class lesson. He was expelled from many for such actions and it was until the Glass Academy admitted him did people find out how he was able to do it. Depite being able to get all the info he wants from the minds of others, he genuinely seeks knowledge. Early or Late Class: early Other: Not very sociable, but will commune with others, and for the fun of it he will bring into the light the secrets that people wasnt to keep hidden when he is threatened. (not saure how this will play in an RP where the person secrets are secret and I have no real world way of discovering them) 
 Last edited by Randoms; 03-23-2013 at 03:56 PM. 
  Spoiler 
 Accepted and accepted. 
 Yay I am accepted by someone 
Why do feeders exist in MOBA's... Why can't they all die? 
 Uhhhh. Don't we need more people? ;~; Name: Grevor Strump Age: 24 Gender: male Species and Abilities: Devil (Transformation into devil form. Control of emotions) Relationship Status: Unknown Position: Combats teacher Appearance Description: 6'3". A big husky dude. Looks like Guile (street fighter) but with short hair. He carries an air of military command with him. He wears green cameo army pants that are baggy and a green muscle shirt. He is super muscular. Brief History: Exiled from the hell realms for trying to over throw the devil himself. He escaped into the mortal realm and hid in the school as a teacher. But eventually stayed because he found a love for teaching. Early or Late Class: Late Other: 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 whoo! accepted and the only male student in the whole school. 
  Spoiler 
 Accepted. And yes, we do. That's why the IC thread isn't up yet. 
 Oh noes it is a Black Element 
Why do feeders exist in MOBA's... Why can't they all die? 
 Name: Krys Lysander Age: fifteen Gender: Female Species and Abilities: Appears Human, usually a night her identity falls into evil (only when she is in pain usually) Relationship Status: Single Position: Sophomore Student/ Cafe-server Appearance Description:  Spoiler Brief History: Her child hood was not at all normal, Krys family was a bunch of hitmans and vampire hunters. They tracked down paranormal beings and Krys was trained of it. One day Krys was trapped in the forest by a bunch of lycans, as each lunged themselves at her attacking her and leaving her a bloody mess and that was when a vampire jumped in against them. His bite drained the blood of each one of them as they slowly died of misery, this was when the vampire, Caleb, turned to Krys telling her that she had the choice of running with him or living along a family that was later running themselves from the angry paranormals. Krys followed along with the vampire, one night Krys was attacked again by a mage, in order to keep Krys alive Caleb fed her some of his blood. The blood mixed in with her genetics and without Krys knowledge at night Caleb has to hold her back from killing hundreds of humans (she is not a vampire), at night she loves the feeling of death and wants more and more. Another roomate in the mansion is Fallen, a mage, he is not to fond of Krys but he is best friends with Caleb and wishes to keep him safe from anyone trying to hurt him especially the chance of Krys wanting to kill one of them at night. To keep her from going insane Caleb sent Krys to Glass Academy with Fallen near a year ago. Early or Late Class: Early but sometimes comes at night Other: Fears others in day yet at night is opposite, very kind, smart, skilled Name: Fallen Zephson Age: Seventeen Gender: Male Species and Abilities: Mage~ Four Elements Relationship Status: Single Position: Junior Student Appearance Description:  Spoiler Brief History: Fallen grew up along the streets with his family of four, only he was gifted with magic, At the age of fourteen he was accepted into a job as an iron worker. The sound of a man yelling hit his ears and he turned to see a man who appeared in his 20's to be falling of the edge of the railing due to a push of another worker. Fallen put his hands out and casted a Ivy vine and rapped it around the mans legs pulling him back up. The man told the Fallen that if he came with him he would give his family a fortune, Fallen agreed to his bribe and later found out of the mans gift of a Vampire, Caleb. They grew to become close until a young girl entered the mansion named Krys... he wasn't sure what to think but he tried as much as he could to get along with the little lady. Early or Late Class: Early Other: Caring, Smart, Laid back, doesn't talk much 
 Last edited by MyaMeOhMy; 07-30-2012 at 08:35 PM. 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Accepted. I'll put up the IC thread in the morning. Hopefully I can get a few more people to join before I throw the thread up. 
 Name: Rozas (Roses) Age: 16 Gender: Male Species and Abilities: ^^ He is called a Mahay that is his species. Can alter into a cat form and a half form where he appears human but has cat ears and tail and fangs oh and his eyes look like cat eyes. Most of the time he looks like a human. so he has cat like reflexes and senses ^^ acrobatics and he also can see in the dark. ^^ martial artist and good with a staff. Relationship Status: Single ^^ come get em girls lol Position: Cafe server male student/ sophomore male student Appearance Description:  Spoiler Brief History: Rozas became an orphan at the age of 6 and lived in an orphanage for a long time. He recently moved out of the orphanage to go to this school. He is a shy and quiet boy who works in the cafe to pay for his tuition and to be able to pay for food and other items he needs. Early or Late Class: Both he's a book worm lol Other: A shy but cute boy that when startled or scared he accidentally switches to half form. ^^ always has a book with him since he loves to read he is smart making all A's the only weapons he uses are daggers and bow and arrows. ^^ Loves archery. OH and his eyes are actually orange not brown! 
 Last edited by LunarEquinox; 07-31-2012 at 09:41 PM. 
 Love that character. Cate might get some of cat boy. Hehe, definitely accepted. Just so you guys know, this is an intermediate/advanced roleplay. I'm not going to make you do two paragraphs, but one extremely detailed post should do. I don't want anyone feeling like they have to jibber-jabber in order to reach 2 para. So, as long as the information is given correctly and the spelling/punctuation/capitalization is pretty spot on, this will move very smoothly. We can all start from the beginning of a normal day, starting in the dorm rooms. If our character is in the night class, they may do as they please until the feast is served for both classes. Then the night class may have their school day. The wing your character's dorm is located in is listed below. Hybrids, vampires, werewolves, and other were animals reside in the west wing of the dormitory. Beings who have advanced mental capabilities, such as mind reading, telekinesis, mental shields, thought implanting, and other abilities that require higher mental capabilities to achieve reside in the east wing of the dormitory. Teachers and other school staff (including the student cafe server) reside in the north wing, while the 8 humans lie in the south wing, in a very luxurious home. 
 Last edited by Kalbells; 07-31-2012 at 07:20 AM. 
 On the verge of passing out will in the IC later today 
Why do feeders exist in MOBA's... Why can't they all die? 
 Go sleep!!! 
 WOOT NORTH WING RULES! lol kitty boy will love the jacuzzi tub lol and the king size bed to roll around in all cute lol wow did he go up in status from orphanage to a room fit for a king lol and boy does the cutie deserve it. ^^ will post once i am back from my finals math finally have to have it but you dread it lol and math is my favorite subject lol 
 Well, I'm glad you're glad. 
 Will post possibly after going to dentists and then taking a much needed power nap. Staying up all night screws alotta things over. I have to fix this stupid sleeping schedule. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Yup. I'm running on a little over 2 hours of sleep. 
 I'll probably post as soon as you start it, but I also have the dentist in a couple hours so might not be right away 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 The IC has been up since this morning. Post to it. That's to everyone. 
 Oh I am blind sorry XD hahaha 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
