http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141428-Valvrave-the-Liberator-AKA-Code-Gundam-WEED-Legend-of-the-Galactic-Space-Vampires
[Mecha] Valvrave the Liberator AKA Code Gundam WEED: Legend of the Galactic Space Vampires
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean I have trouble telling if it's good or not honestly, but I think it's very entertaining. A lot of it seems to be Bandai and Sunrise having some fun with the usual mecha tropes. Like, wildcards keep getting thrown in on a regular basis every episode, but it's written well enough that it doesn't feel like it's ever actually jumped the shark. The story itself has gotten a lot more defined, although quite a bit darker as well. The main character, Haruto, hasn't changed a whole lot fundamentally, but he definitely gets stronger as it's progressed. Overall I like it a lot, definitely one of the best shows this season. I'd say watch episode 2 and/or 3 and if it doesn't grab you by then it's probably just not the show for you. It mostly hasn't taken itself too seriously and I think some people may have gotten the wrong impression about it with the way it started. Because of that I think you might have trouble finding a reviewer who is going to be able to give you the sort of analysis you're looking for; how any given person interprets the show is going to strongly rely on how much mecha they've watched, especially stuff like Code Geass or Gundam SEED and similiar. My thoughts exactly...the first few eps I was like mwah, now I'm at 11 and will watch 12 tomorrow due to some obligations I need to fulfill with the misses, but damnit do I want to watch the finale! It got me hooked right about the half way mark. At first I also thought here we go again, douchebag character, simple shounen/mecha-ish plot, shallow characters...but boy did that one blew back in my face. Where Suisei no Gargantia, imo anyways, started off awesome and then became just allright, Valvrave the Liberator did it the other way around. Apart for the cheesy song, some other corny high-school stuff, and the need to show how many 'likes' they get during fights this is one of the better shows this season...whoops gotta go now...lol Ow and that rape thingie wasn't all that big, shocking story-wise, but not perverted or something...wished they explained it a bit more do... 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
