http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159586-The-official-Lupin-III-Toho-dub-thread
 The official Lupin III Toho dub thread
 Having learned more about the Toho dub of Lupin III: The Secret of Mamo (including that the dub was produced in Japan by Frontier Enterprises, a company headed by William James Ross, who also brought us such stuff as Swan Lake, Vengeance of the Space Pirate, and Revenge of the Ninja Warrior) since I last tried to figure out the voice cast (and failed spectacularly) several years ago, I decided to snoop around and solve some more mysteries surrounding the dub. This thread is dedicated to keeping track of each mystery as I solve it. Here are the present burning questions concerning the dub: THE VOICE ACTORS The only stuff that's been solidly confirmed about the voice cast is that Ross, who wrote, produced and directed the dub, also did the voice of Samurai, and that Gregory Starr, a guy who worked for Kodansha at one point and lived in my home state, Tennessee, before moving to Japan in the early '70s, was the voice of Detective Ed Scott. Someone on Wikipedia has been helping me on my quest and discovered through voice recognition that the voice of Foward Fughes/Mamaux may have been performed by Mike Worman (Triter from Vengeance of the Space Pirate) and Margo may have been voiced by Patricia Kobayashi (Odile from Swan Lake). On my end, upon viewing Revenge of the Ninja Warrior, I may have recognized the voices of Dan Dunn, Gordon, and the Police Commissioner, respectively, as Cliff Harrington (the voice of Jiro's father), Jack Marquardt (the voice of the main antagonist, Tenkai), and Don Knode (the voice of Mark Twain). I have the stronger hunches about Harrington and Knode, of course. THE INTRO While digging around, I also discovered that the original Japanese intro, depicting a cloning in progress, was replaced by a new intro depicting a series of clips from the film with new English titles overlaid. Do any releases include this English-language title sequence? THE EDITS Apart from the full version, just how many edits are there? I know there's one edited version circulating as a European DVD release, but how much footage did that one lose? THE OFFICIAL RELEASES Apart from the Discotek release, I know of a Swedish-subtitled VHS by Walthers Video, a Finnish-subtitled VHS that got the translation (from the English) hilariously wrong, and the aforementioned edited European DVD that, if I remember correctly, also included an Italian-language track. Anything else in terms of official releases? Anyone want to help solve these mysteries? UPDATE: Since I first started this thread, I learned that my hunch on Knode as the Police Commissioner may be correct–and not only that, he may have also voiced Gordon! 
 Last edited by ryanasaurus0077; 02-09-2015 at 11:27 PM. Reason: New discovery 
"Don't worry, Chief, Inspector Gadget is always on duty!" --Inspector Gadget
