http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?123095-A4-Profiles-V2-0-Tell-us-about-yourself!/page21
 A4 Profiles V2.0 - Tell us about yourself! - Page 21
 Name: Udalok Age: 22 location: some where Gender: male 
 Name: Jacob Age: 24 Location: Michigan Hair/Eye color: Green Height/Weight (If you want): 6'1, 315 lbs Occupation: Forklift Driver/Machinery Operator Interests: Debating, Books, Anime I do have one question. Where is the album tab in my profile >.< 
 Last edited by Elendur; 07-04-2013 at 11:18 AM. 

 Name: Egidijus Age: 17 Location: Lithuania Hair/Eye color: Dark brown / Green Height/Weight (If you want): 179cm / 113lbs (Yes I'm skinny Q_Q ) Status (Whatever this means): Alive, I guess Occupation: Student Interests: Anime, Manga, Music, Games, Red (I <3 red color ), Girls, Food, Computers（￣ー￣） Hobbies: All the above (◑‿◐) Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Music - I don't have my favorite style or band but most of the time I'm listening to Nightcore or Vocaloid Movies - Same as above, dont have favorite ones. But if it's a movie - it's anime movie! (⊙ヮ⊙) TV - House, Bones, The Mentalis, etc. Any other biographical information you care to share: I want to live in anime world!! 
 Name: Remy Age: 29 Location: Arnhem, Netherlands Hair/Eye color: Dark short blonde/blue Height/Weight (If you want): 1.80cm Status (Whatever this means): Uh single since 2 months ago.. Occupation: working in a skate shop for now Interests: Anime, Videogames, Apple Stuff, Astrology, Photography. Hobbies: Bmx, dj, skate, gaming, hangin out Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Hardstyle/Trance music Family guy, Scrubs, Married with children, Anger Management. Any other biographical information you care to share: Nah, I'm good 

 Name: Rayven Age: ? Location: ? Hair/Eye color: dark blonde and dark brown eyes Height/Weight (If you want): 5'2" 115lb Status (Whatever this means): uhhhhh Occupation: ? Interests: anime Hobbies: random Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): vocaloid Any other biographical information you care to share: nu 

 Name: Shino Age: old Location: Dark Side Hair/Eye color: Brown Height/Weight (If you want): 1.85m. 95Kg Status (Whatever this means): bored at work Occupation: IT Tech Interests: Tech. Writing. Music (Play guitar), Movies and Series. Sport Hobbies: too many 0_0 Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Iron Maiden. FIFA. Manchester United. Ghost Warrior. Ghost in a cell 
 No offense, but these are some pretty sloppy tags. Had to go back in and redo most of them. Name: William Barrett Law, a.k.a. WBL Age: 30 Location: Florida Hair/Eye color: You know, I have no idea what my eye color is. I never retained that knowledge. I never thought about it. Height/Weight (If you want): I don't remember this, either. Crap. I think I might just be amorphous. Status (Whatever this means): Why are you asking us this if you don't know what it means?! Occupation: Student, and a lot of heavy lifting to cover the bills. Interests: Fighting games, professional wrestling, anime. Hobbies: Simming out wrestling federations on video games, doing any of the above, writing fanfics. Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Um... of anything... Coheed & Cambria, Tenchi Universe, Breaking Bad, "The Million Dollar Man" Ted DiBiase, Pibb Xtra. Any other biographical information you care to share: No, I'm too tired as it is. 
 Name: Ivy Age: 19 Location: California Hair/Eye color: Brown/poop Height/Weight (If you want): 5'1"/145 Status (Whatever this means): In a relationship Occupation: student/navy veteran Interests: gymnastics Hobbies: read draw get active Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): manga: gantz, vinland saga, claymore Any other biographical information you care to share: I wish i lived in a manga and that vinland saga wasnt so slow 
 Name: Dana Age: 17 Location: Israel Hair/Eye color: Brown hair and gray-blue eyes. Height/Weight (If you want): 1.55m last time I checked. Status (Whatever this means): Middle class? Occupation: Highschool student. Interests: Anime and manga, games, music, books. Hobbies: See above entry. Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Band: Linkin Park, movie: The disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya, none-anime TV show: Avatar. Any other biographical information you care to share: Just look at my MAL for favorite anime and manga. http://myanimelist.net/profile/ninryu 
 Hi everybody. I baked some Gundams for everyone, but sadly I ate them. No matter I still hope I can make a lot of friends here in the near future. I am new to this forum and it's format so if someone could be so kind as to private message me all the different codes for hyperlinks, spoilers, etc. I would be most grateful. Thanks for allowing me to feel welcome here and I hope to have a lot of fun. 
 Name: Kaori ^.^ Age: Nunya Location: Florida Hair/Eye color: Both dark brown Height/Weight (If you want): idk 99 pounds or something Status (Whatever this means): In A Relationship Occupation: STUDENT Interests: Anime(of course), Cute monsters, Starbucks, Anything to do with drawing or electronics Hobbies:Cooking, Cycling, and shopping (that's a hobby rite...) Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): BAKA AND TEST, The breakfast club... and i have this thing for 80's movies Any other biographical information you care to share: ::WARNING::I AM STRANGE 
 Name: Alexandria Age: eighteen Location: North Carolina Hair/Eye color: Black/Dark brown Height/Weight (If you want): 5'6/ maybe around 135 Status (Whatever this means): I'm laughing to myself about nothing early in the morning... And i'm Single Occupation: High School Senior Hobbies: Drawing, Head Bang to music, playing games and being stupid with my older bro, read fantasy novels Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): studio Ghibli, tales of Symphonia, tales of the Abyss, infamous, metal gear rising, sonic adventure 2 battle, The hangover 1&2, 21st jump street, Anchorman, the lord of the rings Trilogy, OneOkRock, TM Revolution, Nightmare, The Pillows, Rise Against, gackt, Alice Nine, L'Arc-en-Ciel, Gazette, UVERworld, Utada Hikaru. Any other biographical information you care to share: All Jokes aside i think i'm kinda crazy i just realized that to myself. And You'll have fun with me ...*whispers* " They all do". Also I love to criticize anime/manga. 

 Name: William. Age: 13. Location: UK, Wales. Hair/Eye color: Hair: Brown, Eyes: Bluish/Greenish. Height/Weight (If you want): Height: 5'8 ft. Status (Whatever this means): Occupation: None Interests: Anime (Mostly Romantic Comedy) and Gaming. Hobbies: The above. Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Favourite music: Dubstep, Movie: Percy Jackson, TV: Don't watch a lot, mostly Anime online. Any other biographical information you care to share: Not anything really apart from liking anime 
 Name: Michael Age: Old enough to know better Location: Cleveland, Ohio Hair/Eye color: Black Hair / Brown Eyes Height/Weight (If you want): 5'10" 175lbs (but slowly bringing the weight down...P90x Rocks!) Status (Whatever this means): Married Occupation: Artist / Designer Interests: Cooking, Anime, Spongebob (thanks to my 6 year old for that one!) Hobbies: Cooking, Anime, drawing, Painting, learning how to draw anime Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Peanut M&M's, Vodka, pizza(not necessarily in that order!) Any other biographical information you care to share: I have a 6 year old son that is my life, whether good or bad the experience is one in a life time! I love meeting new people and am a regular on Skype on Friday and Saturday nights. Anyone looking to chat, look me up! 
 "I hope it Becomes Popular, What? Senjougahara Fascination." Click Here to See MyAnimeList 
 Name: Juliet Age:14 Location:S.F California Hair - Dark Brown - Eye color: Hazel Weight: 182 - Height: 5' 9" Status:single Occupation: none Interests: Anime,cooking,dancing,singing Hobbies:sitting somewhere quite and watching the clouds or listing to music. Favorites: Anime - Blue Exorcist , Fairy Tail / Tv - grimm , paranormal witness , duck dynasty / Music - anything really but mostly J-Rock / fav bands - Coldplay , The All American Rejects , Blink 182 , Uverworld 
 Name: Samantha Age: 30 Location: Florida Hair/Eye color: Medium blonde hair w/ blue eyes Height/Weight (If you want): 5"7 Status (Whatever this means): Boyfriend Occupation: Writing my first book Interests: Anime, films, music, Books, writing, poetry, the paranormal, nature, beaches, photography, fashion, video games. Hobbies: scrap booking, arts and crafts, swimming, rollerblading, going to the beach. Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Music: I'm pretty open. I love rock, grunge rock, 60s, 70s, 80s, indie music, trance, techno, chill wave, ambient, folk, etc. Movies: I enjoy horror movies. 5 of my favorites: Almost Famous, Brick, Zombie movies, Silver Lining's Playbook, Heathers. TV: I enjoy Family Guy, South Park, I usually watch anime online and I watch a few paranormal tv shows. Any other biographical information you care to share: Nah. 
 Name: Monica Age: 15 Location: Lawrence, Kansas Hair/ Eye color:Dark Brown Height/ Weight:5'6"/ 137lbs Status: Watching Anime Occupation: Sophomore at High school Interests: Anime, Video Games, Friends, and Animals Hobbies: Drawing, Hanging out with Friends, Swimming, Track, Softball Favorite: Katekyo Hitman Reborn, Fairy Tail, Letter Bee, Dogs, Rhinos, Gorilla's, Soul Calibur V, Naruto Storm 3, Battlefield 3, Fallout 3, South Park, Family Guy, American Dad, Tosh .0 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Hello! Name: Kayla Kallio Age: 12 Location: South Carolina Hair/Eye Color: Dirty Blonde/Black (no joke my eye color is black) Height/Weight: 5"3/100 lbs Status: Single, but not really looking for a relationship... Occupation: Wren Middle School student Interest: History, Animals, Criminology, Astronomy, Hobbies: Soccer, Horseback Riding, Minecraft, Call of Duty, Drawing/Art, Favorites: Movies: War Horse, Woman in Black, sadly---- Road to Ninja, TV shows: Naruto, Criminal Minds, Bones, Perception, Bleach, Music: IMAGINE DRAGONS, Carrie Underwood, Hillsong United, Religion: Proud, Baptized Christian! 
 Name LOrenzo LOng (loloe) Location denton texas Hair color/eye color black/ brown Hobbies football, eating, sleeping, and anime! I like call of duty and other games that involve action About me? Im 16 years old 17 soon, and i like pretty much anything when it comes to music. I may be a guy who plays sports bit i really enjoy reading a good novel or manga. Im 5ft 6' and feel like 8ft. I like to sortof "imagine" myself far out from people most of the time. And try to keep my distance and my past a secret. And i dont mind talking to people when they need help. All you have to do is p.m. Me or kik @basher6. Trust me i wont bite.....unless you want me to. ;-) 
 Name: Elijah Age: Irrelevant Location: The land of the free and the home of the brave Hair/Eye color: Red, Blue Height/Weight: 5'5, 112 Level of education: Currently enrolled in both college and High school Interests: Anime (of course), academics, reading old sci-fi (Arthur Clarke, H. P. Lovecraft, etc.) Favorite things: America. God bless America. 
unique signature with a funny/clever comment
 Name: Alex Age: 19 Location: Brazil Hair/Eye color: Hazel Height/Weight (If you want): idk, skinny to regular.. Status (Whatever this means): ..Alive? Occupation: Former baker, now a lazy ass student and future housewife u.u Interests: Regular stuff, not so regular stuff and ****ed up **** Hobbies: Videogames, going out with friends and movie dates Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Horror, gore movies and anime, zombies, fighting manga, Seinfield.. Any other biographical information you care to share:Nuu, this is hard 
 Last edited by Gobi-Aoi; 08-25-2013 at 05:57 PM. 
