http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159563-Which-is-your-favourite-anime-stereotype/page2
[Anime] Which is your favourite anime stereotype? - Page 2
 Yeah yeah, we've established it 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Originally Posted by Taikutsu Yeah yeah, we've established it Cool cool. Sorry i can be kinda nitpicky at times 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Yandere FTW Nothing beats out Kurumi Tokisaki from Date a Live. Best Yandere ever I hate Tsunderes. Ugh. 
 Originally Posted by kylesar1 Yandere FTW Nothing beats out Kurumi Tokisaki from Date a Live. Best Yandere ever I hate Tsunderes. Ugh. And I'm pretty sure they want you dead 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I kinda prefer the Dandere/Yandere type like Akane Mishima in Kampfer. 

 Originally Posted by Taikutsu I never saw the fascination with yandere. Well, I can understand it but I just don't reciprocate it. Too much creepy. Really? A crush on Yuno? I don't go around judging your tastes The overly attached/psychotic girlfriend can be attractive to some people. It's almost the exact opposite of Furry. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 And I'm pretty sure they want you dead Why would they want me dead? 
 Originally Posted by kylesar1 Why would they want me dead? Comes with the territory 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Comes with the territory Common misconception True, they're crazy as hell. However: Yanderes never want to kill the one they love. No one period wants to kill the one they love As an outsider, as long as you don't start interfering with their relationship, they're no different than regular people. Take Yuno for example, who only turned psychotic when someone else came into the picture. The same goes for just about every yandere. They don't run around killing innocent people just because. If I'm wrong, give me a few examples 
 Originally Posted by kylesar1 Common misconception True, they're crazy as hell. However: Yanderes never want to kill the one they love. No one period wants to kill the one they love As an outsider, as long as you don't start interfering with their relationship, they're no different than regular people. Take Yuno for example, who only turned psychotic when someone else came into the picture. The same goes for just about every yandere. They don't run around killing innocent people just because. If I'm wrong, give me a few examples Maybe they want to kill the one they love to make sure that the one they love never loves anyone but them? Or maybe the one they love already loves someone else and they can't live in a world where that's the case so they kill the one they love and then themselves to make sure they are "together forever for eternity" in the afterlife? Just playing devil's advocate. 
 They're all pretty bad 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 What about the chick in school days? What category does she fit in? Or does she have her own category?  Spoiler I'm talking about the one who killed the guy 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 What about the chick in school days? What category does she fit in? Or does she have her own category?  Spoiler I'm talking about the one who killed the guy I think she was Yandere. She tried to keep the guy for herself, but when that didn't work she killed him. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 I think she was Yandere. She tried to keep the guy for herself, but when that didn't work she killed him. That makes sense. Thanks. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by David the Gnome Maybe they want to kill the one they love to make sure that the one they love never loves anyone but them? Or maybe the one they love already loves someone else and they can't live in a world where that's the case so they kill the one they love and then themselves to make sure they are "together forever for eternity" in the afterlife? Just playing devil's advocate. I've heard of that before......... just not in anime Emotions in Anime are too simple, at least in my opinion, for it to get that far. I guess the closest you can get to that is the guy from SAO GGO, who played along with Death Gun. I'm sure Yoda knows who he is. I forgot his name 
 It appears that people here tend to prefer tsunderes. Can't say that bothers me. XD 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Just curious but what whould anya from buffy the vampire slayer, anna from shaman king, and cleo from sorcerer stabber orphan classify as 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by kylesar1 I've heard of that before......... just not in anime Emotions in Anime are too simple, at least in my opinion, for it to get that far. I guess the closest you can get to that is the guy from SAO GGO, who played along with Death Gun. I'm sure Yoda knows who he is. I forgot his name Actually I don't have a perfect memory. And no I don't know the partners name. Sorry. I also like the clueless guy in harem animes that doesn't know he's popular 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack I don't go around judging your tastes The overly attached/psychotic girlfriend can be attractive to some people. It's almost the exact opposite of Furry. Did somebody say overly attached girlfriend? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOa4XmZgfI8 

 Oh gosh that's creepy. Yandere yandere KYUN! 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
