http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159932-New-to-anime
 New to anime
 I am new to anime so want some recommendations for a noobie like me. I have seen some but not much Here what I have seen: Dragonball Z (some episodes) One Piece (only first 5 episodes) RWBY (1st season, don't consider a full anime) YuYu Hakusho (half of first season) Saw these only because my friend watched them except RWBY but liked all of them. Also would like recommendations on some with girls as the main characters and some good mangas. Thanks, WOWFlipTV 
 Welcome! Try the biggies: Bleach Naruto Fairy tail You should like them. They are very popular and good shows too. Though these don't exactly fit your requirement. But they are good anyway. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Don't really have any requirement just want good anime and some with girl(s) as the main character(s) 
 Sailor moon Canaan Digimon Shamon king D.n.angel If you want something more mature though Elfen lied Cat planet cuties Ah my Buddha 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 The melancholy of haruhi suzumiya is good first anime. 

 Originally Posted by WOWFlipTV Don't really have any requirement just want good anime and some with girl(s) as the main character(s) In that case: Sword art online Kampfer Highschool dxd Magical girl: Puella magi madoka magica Selector spread/infected wixoss 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Welcome Have fun! Naruto Makai Ouji: Devils and Realist Karneval Deadman wonderland Future Diary Another Fairy Tail Black butler Balck bullet No game No life 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Shadow skill(It's based a lot on Roman Gladiators, and the main char is female) Hero Tales is downright godly for a anime so short(only 26 ep, It's complete, and fits the size perfectly) Zero no Tsukaima(only the 1st season is dubbed, but don't watch it dubbed anyway, because the dub is atrocious, watch the sub) Inuyasha+Inuyasha the Final Act(don't watch DBZ, what a atrociously bad anime, watch this masterpiece instead, there so many great aspects about it, that even to this dave, haven't been beaten or even matched). Yea Shaman King is pretty good too Keep watching Yu Yu Hakusho Go to Crunchyroll.com, and watch Yona of the dawn(main char is female, and omg is it a awesome series. Byfar the best anime in the past couple of years) 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Big hint- go to YouTube and watch the many videos where the people suggest their favorite anime series, and believe me, there are hundreds of these videos, like 10 best Romance animes, etc., it's easy to find these videos too. Also, try visiting an online anime video website, or manga site, they will have hundreds or series plus a description of the series. Good kid's anime, (ie tame, little sex) would be Digimon, Cardcaptor Sakura, Zatch Bell, Sailor Moon and Hikaru No Go. sexier, start out with To Love Ru. Uresei Yatsura is fun to watch, and like To Love Ru, has the sexy space hotties. Fun and delightful would be Ah! My Goddess or Da Capo. here's a good one you can try- Karin, about a cute vampire girl who produces blood instead of sucking it out! The World God Only Knows is very good, as well as Chobits. Please! Twins and Please! Teacher are fun too, as well as the sexy DearS. Akikan, Squid Girl, Midori Days, Chunyibo and Jinsei are really funny and fun to watch. Don't limit yourself by watching anime on regular TV either, they show the most popular anime basically but I find those series to be boring, search out lesser known series like I My Me Strawberry Eggs or Ginban Kaleidoscope because they are great series with good stories. 
 Here's a bunchof anime that in my opinion everyone should've seen at least once. It's a varied bunch and meant to give you an ides of what's out there do you may not like all. Cowboy Bebop Samurai X - Trust & Betrayal Serial Experiments: Lain Neon Genesis Evangelion Ghost in the Shell (the 1995 movie) 
 Last edited by Kerberos; Yesterday at 07:11 AM. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Watch - Samurai champloo keep watching naruto shippuden always watch bleach and one piece mardock scramble hell girl finish watching dbz fma brotherhood soul eater is hot full metal panic and goddannar gurren lagann I agree with Kerberos on the neon genesis evangelion I think thats hot rin daughters of Mnemosyne kill la kill attack on titan magikano maburaho any anime with okusama in the title clannad boogeypop phantom 
Friends are a good thing, even if they tread a different path."[
 People who are a fan of RWBY tend to enjoy Black Rock Shooter the anime. http://myanimelist.net/anime/12079/B...85Rock_Shooter I'd say you might also enjoy Madoka Magica. http://myanimelist.net/anime/9756/Ma...E2%98%85Magica As for your interest in Shounen anime give these a try. Gurren Lagan. http://myanimelist.net/anime/2001/Te..._Gurren_Lagann and Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood. http://myanimelist.net/anime/5114/Fu...t:_Brotherhood Hope you enjoy and I think most of them are on Netflix actually. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
