http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149407-Breaking-Bad-Final-Eight-Episodes-start-August-11th
 Breaking Bad: Final Eight Episodes start August 11th
 http://www.amctv.com/shows/breaking-bad I. Am. So. Psyched. I have to see how this ends. I want Bryan Cranston to go down as one of the most talented television actors of all time. He nailed it in comedy with his role as Hal in Malcolm in the Middle, and he helped redefine television dramas in Breaking Bad. 
 I hated how they split the season. I was like: "Where's the other half, *****?" 
 Originally Posted by purplehaze9 I hated how they split the season. I was like: "Where's the other half, *****?" They did that so Bryan Cranston and the crew would be eligible for two different sets of Emmys during the one final season. 
 Yeah, I know. Sucks for us though. I don't think Walter gets out that easily. He's hanging his new associates out to dry and is now gonna be chased by the DEA. He'll have to fight the DEA and the cartel at the same time. He's a one-man army on a suicide mission. 
 Originally Posted by WBL Studios They did that so Bryan Cranston and the crew would be eligible for two different sets of Emmys during the one final season. Seriously? That's ****ing bullsiate. Who gives 2 sh1ts about the Emmys? Hell, didn't they give the best actor award to that guy from Homeland over Bryan anyway? Wow, just wow. I honestly thought it might be because they were tweaking the finale proper or perhaps going with a different format for the last half season (ala the wire with their extended 90 minute episodes during the final season). But no. It was so they could go up against mediocre shows so they could accumulate more awards no one cares about. Don't get me wrong, every one of those 8 episodes blew me away. But I had to wait a freakin year to watch them and then another for these 8. **** you BB producers. Not saying you should be dissolved in a barrel of acid, but **** you. Well untill the first episodes airs in 2 weeks time and then i'll reconsider my stance but in the meantime, **** you. But seriously, I'm kinda holding back expectation because....come on, its been a hellava ride and...no....must not jinx it..... 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 We waited so long for this. Eight more episodes. The metaphorical lid has been blown off and the metaphorical **** has hit the metaphorical fan. Can't wait. Yeah, at this point I honestly believe that Breaking Bad may go down as the best television series in history. I really think that if they pull this season off, just as they did with seasons 3 and 4, nothing else will compare for a long time. 
 Homeland!!! 
 Critics already have the episode and the embargo on the review will be lifted tomorrow. BEWARE THE SPOILERS ARE HAPPENING, BOYS! 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee We waited so long for this. Eight more episodes. The metaphorical lid has been blown off and the metaphorical **** has hit the metaphorical fan. Can't wait. Yeah, at this point I honestly believe that Breaking Bad may go down as the best television series in history. I really think that if they pull this season off, just as they did with seasons 3 and 4, nothing else will compare for a long time. what about game of thrones. Damn I'm so excited for this. Only 3 more episodes till I catch up with season 5 but damn I might wait it till it finishes cuz I hate waiting for the episodes each week. 
 Originally Posted by umberhulk2 Homeland!!! lol'd harder than I should have 
 http://jezebel.com/the-breaking-bad-...avo-1025830479 

 Does anyone have a guess hank thought after his flashback on the toilet? 
 
 One second after it cut to credits, he was probably surprised and confused by a sudden splashing sound coming from inside the room. 
 Knowing breaking bad it's gonna be one of those super intense moments where you expect something big to happen but nothing happens. Most likely hank is gonna keep quiet after he is done taking a ****. He needs proof so he will try to keep close eye on him 
 Last edited by Zer0; 08-10-2013 at 04:59 PM. 
 http://www.pidjin.net/2012/08/01/dont-speak/ Forgotten how awesome this comic was. Anyway, I expect at least half the cast to be killed off in the next 8 episodes. Its building up to Walts 'say hello to my little friend moment' but I really do love the joke (?) of him ending up in 'witness protection' and becoming 'Hal' from Malcolm In The Middle. They should prolly go for that one and have trolololo play out the end credits. Does anyone else think we'll ever get closure on the Jane story? As in Walt tells Jesse what happened (can't see how Jesse could figure it out...or how Walt actually poisoned the kid). I have a bet with my friend that it'll crop back up! Most likely hank is gonna keep quiet after he is done taking a ****. He needs proof so he will try to keep close eye on him Yeah,I think Walt is in a strong position. How is it gonna look if it turns out he was Heisenberg all along right under Hanks nose? Methins the other cops will think he's either incompetent or was in on it (who paid his med bills hmmm?). Hank has to play it on the low low for many reasons and lets not forget, Walt is officially 'out' of the business. Damn, cannot wait. Remember to use spoiler tag b1tchez. Don't me get the HCL out. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Yeah,I think Walt is in a strong position. How is it gonna look if it turns out he was Heisenberg all along right under Hanks nose? Methins the other cops will think he's either incompetent or was in on it (who paid his med bills hmmm?). Hank has to play it on the low low for many reasons and lets not forget, Walt is officially 'out' of the business. Damn, cannot wait. Remember to use spoiler tag b1tchez. Don't me get the HCL out. pretty much what I was trying to say. hank doesn't need the departments budget to surveillance he is most likely gonna use the opporutinity he has. Hang out more with Walt or maybe come over his house. Cuz why wouldn't Hank be allowed to come over walts house? he doesn't need the budget im thinking he is just gonna keep a close eye on him and he has no proof so far. Will likely question Jesse too in the meanwhile. There is gonna be surely one piece of proof we have overlooked that will blow walts cover away. 
 God, I'm so PUMPED for tonight. This is the only show aside from The Sopranos that has had me on edge the entire series. I'm doing curls while watching the re-run of the season 5 finale. SO PUMPED! HERE WE GO! 10 MINUTES. 

 Woot, Netflix have got the rights and they'll be streaming it.....tomorrow! 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 O... M... G... What an episode. What a freaking episode. I'll admit that there were several moments during the show that were slow (spoiler free btw) this episode did an excellent job of hyping up the viewer (especially towards the end... GARAGE DOOR. OMG) for the rest of the season. They started off with another flash back at the beginning of the episode, what did you guys think about that? 

 The garage door closing felt like 1000000000 hours in itself. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Originally Posted by TonyTony The garage door closing felt like 1000000000 hours in itself. DUDE!!! When he pressed the button on the remote, the look on Hanks face was totally like "I know you are Heisenberg." OFF THE HOOK INSANE. 

 This is how I felt watching the premiere. I was actually surprised that Walt and Hank got in a fight this early. 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 Also I wonder if Gomez will play a role in this half because he hasn't really done anything yet 
 the look on hanks face was killer. "i dont even know who you are, i dont even know who im talking to " he didn't really care about walt having cancer though it's to be expected. What is everyone making of walt now? Does everything think he deserves to die and rot away? Walt is very good at lying he looks very ridiculous when he does. and he pretty much has everything is going his way as far as evidence goes hank has zero besides the writing. i feel like this would have been even more interesting had hank found out sooner 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 the look on hanks face was killer. "i dont even know who you are, i dont even know who im talking to " "If you don't know you your talking to then I suggest you tread lightly." At that moment I got chills. Walter White is such a badass 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
