http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152525-Sword-Art-online-and-Attack-On-Titan
 Sword Art online and Attack On Titan
 So I'm usually into the comedies not so much action like To Love-Ru, Highschool Dxd, Infinite Stratos, ect. But Sword art and Attac kon titan are pretty good. my question to you guys is what were your thoughts on them? I didn't think i'd like SAO because it was an action-y show but gotta say, LOVE IT. Kirito and Asunas' realationship hit me right in the feels. teared up a bit I'll admit. are they gonna make more Sword Art? continuing onto Gun Gale Onlie, I've heard and tried to look for but couldnt, wher can i read it? Now attack on titan, i've heard a lot about before ive started watching must say, also very good show, are they going to make another season? any confirmation dates? A friend once told me never get attatched to a charaecter on Attack On Titin, and boy was he right, When Petra dies, AHHHHHHGHGHGHGHHHGGGH. Made me tear up, i liek her. so yeah what are your thoughts help me with my questions? please and thank you. -Biet~ 
 sao was done very poorly, it was good for what is was but there is so many thing that should have been done differently that just makes it a massive let down in my books. aot is pretty good from what i have seen but i have not seen enough of it to give a real judgement. i wanna give it a bit more time to get further b4 i watch it. i usually wait until an anime is like 20 to 30 eps in then read some opinions on it then watch it. 
 i also agree somewhat, though i still love SAO. if they didn't rush things it could've been 10 times better. liek they were really jumpy on things in the Aicrad Arc. Once you saw one character you didn't see them again until like the last episode(lizabeth, the beast tamer, ect.) i see where youre coming from but i thought SAO had a good enough story and decent showing of such to make a place in my All time favs. Thanks for sharing! 
 Originally Posted by Biet i also agree somewhat, though i still love SAO. if they didn't rush things it could've been 10 times better. liek they were really jumpy on things in the Aicrad Arc. Once you saw one character you didn't see them again until like the last episode(lizabeth, the beast tamer, ect.) i see where youre coming from but i thought SAO had a good enough story and decent showing of such to make a place in my All time favs. Thanks for sharing! ya i agree for what it was it had a decent story and some great scenes it just really eats away at me when i think of what it could have been. if they took that concept and expanded and made each level and arc with unique bosses and feinds to fight as they level up making it harder to level up as they get stronger like an rpg is like. then on top of that had them be able to forge many weapons and armour in shops depending on material they collect on hard to win challenges. eventually leading to a final fight and legendary weapons and things of that nature. sao could have rivaled naruto and bleach in a big way if they did it right 
 I loved both SAO and Attack on Titan, but I feel that SAO was definitely not perfect. On the good side, there was brilliant animation, scary and cool bosses, an all-powerful protagonist, and a touching if not entirely fleshed out relationship between that protagonist and his love interest. On the other hand, there was shoddy writing and too many time-skips. Sword Art Online was great if you just turned off your brain. I personally really liked it. I believe that Attack on Titan was perfect. Wonderful, mind-blowing animation and a brilliant story, paired with epic music. Pure awesomeness in twenty-five episodes. Nice thread, btw! 

 I haven't watched Attack on Titan yet, but my friend reminds me on a daily basis to start watching it, but I feel bad cuz I always end up picking up something, since I'm like the super Romance/Drama/Comedy guy. As for SAO I watched it and loved it, but I do regret watching it weekly. I started it the week, I think episode 7 aired, and I loved it. I agree with the other guys, it was a bit rushed, but I do hope for another season for gun gale online. And it could happen, since I'm pretty sure the sales are doing well. The main reasons I loved the show was the whole concept of it, like being stuck in an online virtual reality game, just seemed really cool (even though it's not exactly original). And of course I loved the love interest stuff. 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Originally Posted by Zenex ya i agree for what it was it had a decent story and some great scenes it just really eats away at me when i think of what it could have been. if they took that concept and expanded and made each level and arc with unique bosses and feinds to fight as they level up making it harder to level up as they get stronger like an rpg is like. then on top of that had them be able to forge many weapons and armour in shops depending on material they collect on hard to win challenges. eventually leading to a final fight and legendary weapons and things of that nature. sao could have rivaled naruto and bleach in a big way if they did it right Actually, SAO had all that stuff. Each level was harder with a more powerful boss, there were sword makers where you could purchase a sword to spec (remember, this is "S"AO, the only weapons were swords), and the final fight required an allegiance of players with all their resources which still wasn't enough. Remember, the whole game was rigged to fail and Kirto was a Beta tester as well as a hacker. But yeah, all of that was backstory and not developed or told to a great extent. I think like everyone says here, it could have been developed as a story better, if only it had been granted the time to make it an ongoing series instead of being limited to one season. 

 Originally Posted by Griffmeister Actually, SAO had all that stuff. Each level was harder with a more powerful boss, there were sword makers where you could purchase a sword to spec (remember, this is "S"AO, the only weapons were swords), and the final fight required an allegiance of players with all their resources which still wasn't enough. Remember, the whole game was rigged to fail and Kirto was a Beta tester as well as a hacker. But yeah, all of that was backstory and not developed or told to a great extent. I think like everyone says here, it could have been developed as a story better, if only it had been granted the time to make it an ongoing series instead of being limited to one season. sao was a fail anime with some good scenes no more no less.. i am aware it had most of that stuff but not even close to enough of it. they rushed it and ruined it in a big way. the romance sucked and part two was even worse. like i said its good for what it was but overall it is a fail. 
 Let's be best friends. i agree i am into those kinds of animes also,(To LOVE Ru<33) idk. It just gets me in the feels. But i seriously recommend attack on titan. like i'm a big, and i mean BIG guy on those kinds of shows but attack on titan was amazing. watch it! Meant for RUNAWAYPANDA btw haha 
 I am still watching SAO (on episode 16, I heard that's when everything in this show goes downhill). I gotta say I'm surprised I didn't drop it. I side stories were annoying, the characters weren't interesting, and I didn't care about Asuna's and Kirito's relationship. I still like SAO but it had HUGEEEEEE potential to be good and unfortunately failed. As for AOT, I loved it! I swear, this show got better and better with each passing episode. This is hands down the most epic anime I have ever seen. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 Originally Posted by mandycandy185 I am still watching SAO (on episode 16, I heard that's when everything in this show goes downhill). I gotta say I'm surprised I didn't drop it. I side stories were annoying, the characters weren't interesting, and I didn't care about Asuna's and Kirito's relationship. I still like SAO but it had HUGEEEEEE potential to be good and unfortunately failed. As for AOT, I loved it! I swear, this show got better and better with each passing episode. This is hands down the most epic anime I have ever seen. Um downhill? WTF are you talking about, SAO downright crashed, and burned somewhere between ep 4-6(where that 2 year time skip is, forgot the exact ep It's in), there's no redemption for someone who dares call them selves a writer, yet only comes up with a concept/beginning, and some random meaningless events for a ending. 
 SAO took a hard step down I lked it at first but man smh what a waste I am going to just leave it at that.is i keep hearing a lot about AOT is it any good is it worth trying to watch or should I read the manga first? 

 SAO had a good original concept but was taken to the point that it focused more on the individual side story's with the main concept secondary.. by that I mean there was nothing really that linked the overall plight to it other then powering up the main character and trying to make it seem like that was the actual concept to create each episode. I won't bother to relay what I had thought of the next installment where magic was involved. that was the real take down of it all. It did have it's good point's in some 2 original concepts during it, but they where too far beetween... and not really elaborated on like they could have been to make the series better imo.  Spoiler ( That would have been the player killer guilds, and the AI within the game that was adopted.) @AB I just watched the Anime on AOT. I'd recommend it as an anime, but never read the magna cause magna online and reading it isn't for me. 
 Originally Posted by Biet When Petra dies, AHHHHHHGHGHGHGHHHGGGH. Made me tear up, i liek her. Yeah, Petra was my favourite character in AoT. I ****ing hated that moment. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 i believe that SAO was rushed but it is a very good story if it could be redone, it should be. i find that the Shingeki No Kyoujin is a enticing show, i found the story to be very catching. SAO is one great anime but CLANNAD WINS! 
 I think this fits this thread but can anyone point me in the direction of finding out when Attack on Titan will be released in America if it's been announced. Hopefully it's not as expensive as SAO o.O 
 I think this fits this thread but can anyone point me in the direction of finding out when Attack on Titan will be released in America if it's been announced. Hopefully it's not as expensive as SAO o.O It has already been anounced for 2014. As for price, well, in America, it's been licensed by Funimation, who in general sell their stuff for comparatively dirt cheap. So you can probably expect it to be at least less than $50, which is pretty reasonable for such a good show. On whether SAO was rushed or not, I wouldn't say that it was rushed, because when you look at the quality of the animation and pretty much everything else it's obvious that it wasn't. However, I think that it would have been an overall better show, if it had gone the full 25 episodes in the original SAO world. The ending was far to sudden for me and came just as I was finally starting to properly enjoy the show. @Afro_Boy I suppose you could read the manga first but it isn't really necessary because the show does a pretty good job of introducing the world to someone who hadn't read the manga, and the art for the first say- three volumes is pretty sub-par, at least when compared to the rest of it. 
 This world is cruel, but also very beautiful.” - Mikasa Ackerman, Shingeki no Kyojin.
 Originally Posted by Kilmanji It has already been anounced for 2014. As for price, well, in America, it's been licensed by Funimation, who in general sell their stuff for comparatively dirt cheap. So you can probably expect it to be at least less than $50, which is pretty reasonable for such a good show. On whether SAO was rushed or not, I wouldn't say that it was rushed, because when you look at the quality of the animation and pretty much everything else it's obvious that it wasn't. However, I think that it would have been an overall better show, if it had gone the full 25 episodes in the original SAO world. The ending was far to sudden for me and came just as I was finally starting to properly enjoy the show. @Afro_Boy I suppose you could read the manga first but it isn't really necessary because the show does a pretty good job of introducing the world to someone who hadn't read the manga, and the art for the first say- three volumes is pretty sub-par, at least when compared to the rest of it. you summed up the reason of SAO i was meaning to say, it is short. you are smart and ntelligent sir i tip my at to you, although i hae no hat... 
 If it's not for the writer of SAO being the same as the one who writes Accel World, it would have ended up in my 'regretted watching' list. As for AoT, it's a great series, dark and mature, just how I like it. Tha pacing is natural, the stroy is original, and no such thing as 'invincible protagonist'. Not much to say, really. It's just that good. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 AOT is available for pre-order on Amazon for $60 give or take. The listing says Part 1 but there's no description. Does that mean 12 eps with the rest released as Part 2? Or is it 26 eps with the promise of more to the story? IDK, $60 seems like a lot for 12 eps, I'll put up with all the commercials on Hulu or Crunchyroll before I pay that much. 

 I loved SAO until about episode 13, where they totally regarded the title of the anime "SWORD ART ONLINE" and went for that stupid fairy arc. That isn't what this anime is about! Jeez, that burns. Also, I think that Kirito would be fit for someone who is soooo much better than Asuna. I don't enjoy watching all of her scenes - they bore me. 

 I really liked SAO when it was SAO, not Fairy Tale. About Kirito and Asuna's relationship - I liked it when still in SAO, in the other game it got boring, really. I'm going to watch Log Horizon (its still airing) in a moment, everybody says that it's much better than SAO, but we'll see. 
 I saw SAO with my roommate. The first twelve episodes were good. I didn't get to watch the last twelve though. I was told it wouldn't be worth my time so I didn't (shrug). 
 I've only watched like 6 episodes of SAO but I am really enjoying it so far. They are actually continuing SAO with a second season this year and it will be about GGO. They have a trailer and everything here: http://anime.mmgn.com/Articles/sword...on-2-announced With Attack on Titan, I really enjoyed watching it. I was a bit frustrated with the ending because they didn't provide enough answers to certain questions viewers might have at least in my opinion. I know I can just read it in the manga but I prefer to watch it in the anime and so many anime do this whole "read the manga ending" stuff, even Berserk does this. I've heard some stuff about a second season but it's not green-lit. Either way, I really enjoyed AoT and got so sad when Petra died. 

 I've finished with SAO and almost finished with Titan. Both are awesome series for sure, though neither are perfect. I agree that SAO rushed through the story a bit too much and it could have worked as a longer running series. Also the special released at the end of last year was a bit underwhelming. Even with that it still places in my top 5 series. The characters were excellent and the worlds were both interesting to get immersed in. I'll be honest with Titan the pacing slowed down a bit too much in the middle for me. The ending is shaping up to be great though. I almost like many of the side characters more than the main cast and I'm not sure if that is a good thing or not. I hope the ending is good to Titan. Once I see that then I can decide where I would rank the series. 
