http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page4
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 4
 I remember that scene, was watching it with a friend and laughed because it reminded me of paper mario. But like you said, it fits the humor and the show, doesn't feel like they did it cause they couldn't afford to do better though. Atleast not to me 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Yeah I feel like Triggers done a good job of spending their resources on the flashy scenes while scrimping on some of the more humorous scenes with some pretty funny shortcuts, like Mako's cutout spinning and stuff. It's obviously not well animated but it works in the context of the humor being portrayed. They use the spinning cut-outs on a number of occasions but I don't think that has anything to do with resources or effort in animation. It looks to be a purely artistic choice of style. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Naw, it's definitely effort and resource allocation. Trigger's an extremely eccentric studio filled in incredibly talented artists. But no matter how talented your team is high quality animation takes time to produce, time that eats into your deadlines and forces you to divide your focus between scenes. It's pretty obvious that Trigger chooses to spend the majority of its time animating combat and it's long, panning camera shots. I guess you could argue that their cutting corners and not hiding it at all is itself a style, especially since their animators clearly have an immense amount of skill. They clearly do not care if some of their scenes are really obviously saving time by using layer tweens (that tennis lady spun Paper Maria style during one scene), and some scenes literally have only 2 drawings worth of animation in them. 2 drawings of animation means that the key animator drew his keys and in-betweeners were never utilized, probably assigned to other scenes that the animation director deemed to be higher priority. With no in-betweeners you don't get all those drawings that create that crystal clear animation, and their absence is pretty telling where Trigger's priorities are concerned. Anyhoo, I've watched 2 episode of this show thus far and I'm not sure what to think yet. I love the energy and the designs just ooze with style. I think I need to see a bit more before I reserve judgment on the show itself, though. 

 Episode 4 was easily the best in the show yet, so you're in for a treat once you get there. Also appreciate ya breaking down in more detail, with how animation works and how they've obviously allocated their animators and resources. Nice to have my suspicions confirmed by someone who's studying that industry in school. 

 I agree, Episode 4 is the best! I think that kind of humor really shines the best with this kind of anime. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Welp, I'm all caught up now. And feeling a little conflicted. On the one hand, the energy and sheer amount of fun in this show is just an enormous breath of fresh air. The gags and jokes are doing a great job at poking fun at various tropes that just drive me nuts and really give the show a lot of life and personality. Had TTGL not come out before this I'd say there's nothing else like it, and even then nothing comes close to this level of devil-may-care attitude while at the same time pulling off some genuine laughs and retaining an identity. It's only been 4 episodes and it's already a remarkable show, especially visually. As someone who is studying animation I routinely lose my mind at some of the stuff Trigger pulls off in this show then immediately roll my eyes and laugh at their flagrant shortcuts and half-assed scenes (which I can tell that they're doing on purpose, which makes it oh-so-sweet). Really, this is one of the most interesting looking anime I've seen in a long time. Want more. I've never seen a studio give less of a **** and just do what they want and be awesome while they do it, it's great. On the other hand, the weird message it seems to be trying to send out regarding women and their role in society is a little unnerving. The creepy analogies like a woman first drop of blood before experiencing dramatic change and the straight up proclamation that in order to get by in this universe one has to be willing to bare it all keep me from having too much fun. At first I was really happy that the lead character in this show is a girl, especially since her beginning outfit design was so great. Now I'm a little weirded out, especially with all the fan service. Now, I'm pretty keenly aware that at least some of the time the show is having a laugh over all this and pointing to the absurdity of it all. The ridiculous transformation scenes (and their willingness to literally fast-forward through them because they're so long (which made me laugh)), the stuff with the raspy-voiced teacher and the long, lingering shots over his body as his clothes slowly fall off, the running gag of the nutso family losing their minds at the mere sight of panties; I see that the show is utilizing satire here. But it seems more like them laughing along with the tropes rather than trying to squash them out, especially since one of the themes they've established now is that in order to get stronger Matoi has to pander to the audience that Trigger knows is watching this. Some of the satire has no bite, which I'm pretty sure disqualifies it from being satire and moves it more toward pandering. It's confusing because there is good stuff mixed in with bad, I really don't know what to think, especially when I consider that we're only 4 episodes into this thing. At the very least I can enjoy this thing as pure animation porn and laugh when they crack a great joke (which is all the time, thankfully). I'm just really weirded out by how the show is treating ladies. 

 Yeah one reading I came across pointed out how much of a taboo nudity, and public nudity at that, is in modern society. The naked body is seen as something to be hidden. Kill la kill has a theme of "I'm comfortable enough with myself that I'm willing to be exposed." The constant barrage of comments decrying her as some sort of exhibitionist whenever she does transform into her outfit mirror that cultural attitude. There also seem to be a lot of empowerment messages; obviously it's somewhat hard to defend that line of reasoning when you look at the portrayal of women as sex objects in a lot of modern media, but the fanservice is just so on the nose in this show it's hard to see it as purely intended as simple fanservice. I mean we're talking about Gainax here. Obviously I do think it's a nod to Go Nagai in some ways too. The only really problematic scene I've seen in the entire show so far, that I really haven't seen or figured out any good explanation for, is the implied "rape" scene when Ryuko first acquires Senketsu. 

 So far it looks really good cant wait to get cought up on watching it 
Anime wallpapers www.otakuwall.com
  Spoiler ahahaha. Spiked toilets. 

 The student council president is ridiculously hot... even though I would be scared to go to sleep around her it would still be worth it. 
 Originally Posted by legattoVIII The student council president is ridiculously hot... even though I would be scared to go to sleep around her it would still be worth it. Remember... she has no inhibitions. That's how she mastered the kamui so easily. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Watched the first 6 episodes and I actually liked it . Not too bothered by the animation, even though it's pretty choppy in some sequences. The humor got kinda predictable too, but there are still funny moments here and there, which is all I really need. Just gonna have fun with this one and not analyze it to death, since it's obviously not meant to be taken too seriously. 
 Originally Posted by HiJack Watched the first 6 episodes and I actually liked it . Not too bothered by the animation, even though it's pretty choppy in some sequences. The humor got kinda predictable too, but there are still funny moments here and there, which is all I really need. Just gonna have fun with this one and not analyze it to death, since it's obviously not meant to be taken too seriously. The animation is loosely based off of TTGL since both the writer and director came from that anime. It also has a slight FLCL feeling to it too which is nostalgic. 
 Ahaha so many Gundam references in this episode. God I love this show. 

 Originally Posted by legattoVIII The animation is loosely based off of TTGL since both the writer and director came from that anime. It also has a slight FLCL feeling to it too which is nostalgic. I'm ashamed to admit that I never actually finished TTGL So I'm not really sure where the comparison lies, since I only got about 4 or 5 episodes in before I stopped watching. But that might have been for the better, since the people who are comparing Kill La Kill to TTGL seem to think the former is inferior to the latter :P. I guess that just means I can watch it without having to worry about how it stacks up against TTGL. 
 Originally Posted by HiJack I'm ashamed to admit that I never actually finished TTGL So I'm not really sure where the comparison lies, since I only got about 4 or 5 episodes in before I stopped watching. But that might have been for the better, since the people who are comparing Kill La Kill to TTGL seem to think the former is inferior to the latter :P. I guess that just means I can watch it without having to worry about how it stacks up against TTGL. Its actually good you can watch Kill la Kill with a fresh pair of eyes since you never really saw TTGL but in my opinion, which I am sure no one cares about lol, TTGL is one of the top 10 anime ever made due to the storyline, character development, music, and overall production. It was one of the few anime produced that actually had a meaning behind it, which Kill la Kill ....looks like it kinda have but we will see. 
 hmmm interesting will try to watch it 
  Spoiler Episode 9 was ok, but I must say the battle with Gamagori was a bit disappointing, the transformation from his first form to the second was hilariously good, along with the other flashback we got of him and Satsuki. 
 

 To be honest I loved the first few episodes but I'm starting to like it a lot less, I know people will tear my throat out for this opinion, but I think the poor animation and extreme ecchi is kind of annoying, and it is not that funny to me. 

 Originally Posted by atmmachine11 To be honest I loved the first few episodes but I'm starting to like it a lot less, I know people will tear my throat out for this opinion, but I think the poor animation and extreme ecchi is kind of annoying, and it is not that funny to me. I'm the opposite way - I felt the story was too shallow at the beginning but then it started to grow on me and I'm really enjoying the series now. Probably took me a bit to get used to the animation, which was a big factor why I didn't latch onto it at first. There's nothing to tear your throat out over, lol! You're only stating your own tastes, and this anime certainly challenges conventional good taste. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 **** went down, yo. Curious where this is gonna be going in the next few episodes. 
 
 I would be mad that Uzu didnt get a proper fight but DAT SCISSOR BLADE THO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 Ryuko's final form in today's Kill la Kill was so not cute. :/ Mako-chan on the other hand, was as epic as ever! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 And of course, the day is saved by the power of friendship! Yaaaaaaaaaaaay... Seriously tho, I hope the show doesn't get overly complicated with this new Nui character. She's been the major focus two episodes now and I still have no idea how she's supposed to fit into the story.  Spoiler Unless she just turns out to be some arbitrary character who happened to kill Ryuko's dad But hell, I'm not watching this show for plot, so I guess it doesn't really matter lol. 
