http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158476-Memento-Mori-The-Circle
[IC] Memento Mori: The Circle
 Chapter 1: People are Strange As evening approached, the sky became a bright amber hue, streaked with dark gray clouds and purple highlights. Lampposts and decorative fixtures awoke to the approaching darkness, lighting the old cobblestone streets with a mixture of warm tints and flickering glows. Tonight was an annual holiday for Ophelia Village, marked as The Festival of Fae. Falling a week before Halloween, this holiday commemorates the founding of the village and its deep-rooted culture of revering fairies and dreamlike apparitions. Merriment and mischief were certainly in the air, as villagers and tourists of all ages filled the streets to enjoy the oncoming night’s festivities. Some wore animal masks and floral head dresses, while others wore costumed wings of various shapes and sizes. Street vendors held contests and sold homemade trinkets. Meanwhile, roars of laughter and voices poured out from the doorways of local pubs and cafés. Outside of the local music store, a young woman held a handful of small flyers. She stood out from the crowd, largely due to the bright red poppies that crowned her head. As she amiably chatted with the passing crowd, the sway of her motions caused her raven-black ringlets to playfully bounce about her shoulders. “…So I’ll see you there,” she whispered to a young man as she handed him a flyer. “The invitation is on the back…And remember, sleep is for wimps!” There was something secretive, yet inviting to her smile. On the opposite side of the street, outside of a small antique shop, a much older woman with gray hair and watery blue eyes sat on a wooden chair. She wore a purple shawl that hung over her gaunt shoulders and completely covered her small frame like a blanket. By her feet, a group of small children and a few teenagers sat attentively close by and quietly listened to her speak aloud… "...From a distance, he watched the hidden people crawl out from the darkest corners of the forest," she recited with a slow and raspy tone. "Male and female, together they danced in a perfect circle, spurning flowers and mushrooms as their toes touched the ground. They whirled and twirled like falling leaves, chasing each other swiftly and clamoring over each others flailing limbs.” The old woman vividly spoke with her hands, mimicking the movements of her characters. "Never had the young man seen such enchantingly beautiful faces and forms, and quietly he yearned to join them. The strange entities smiled his way. They beckoned him to come closer, with promises of eternal happiness and splendor, and so he did." “As he merged with the circle, angelic notes filled his ears and heightened his senses. He danced with them for hours that felt like minutes, and minutes that felt like seconds. But as his mortal body grew weary, the handsome faces of his company became twisted and hungry for his adoration. Laughter spun about and sharp teeth gnashed as his bones fell to the ground." The old woman made trickling gestures with her long, bony fingers. 
 Last edited by Sixx; 09-25-2014 at 06:57 PM. 

