http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152080-Elfen-Lied
 Elfen Lied?
 So i'm just now starting Enflen Lied. Is lucy like split personalitied? whos her twin? questions so many questions. I'm only on episode 3 is why ha 
 Originally Posted by Biet So i'm just now starting Enflen Lied. Is lucy like split personalitied? whos her twin? questions so many questions. I'm only on episode 3 is why ha From my personal experience, Enflen Lied was a good anime for guro-fans to fap to. That's because Enflen Lied is the following: a) It is an anime b) There is a lot delicious gore Guro is compromised of a) and b). Therefore Enflen Lied should be one of the favorite anime of guro fans. I watched Elfen Lied five years ago BEFORE I knew what guro was. I only knew what Guro was about 2 years ago. Now in retrospect, I might watch it just to fap to the psychopathic, homicidal Lucy killing random people. The delicious blood squirting out of people is quite fappable. I don't remember very much about the plot, but there was one scene were Evil Lucy ripped off the limbs of a defenseless guard. And then she proceeded to torture him slowly to death by gouging out his eyes with her vectors. I turned my eyes away from that scene because it was too gruesome for me to watch. There was also a scene were Lucy was on her good side. And then she suddenly turned evil and cut a little boy and girl in half and ripped their limbs off. That scene was rather heart breaking. I don't recall very much of it right now. But I might watch the anime when I have the time (which I probably do because I'm not that busy for the next two months). I might also fap to that scene. In fact, I might fap to the sexy anime girl, Lucy, killing random people to become a guro fan (aka a necrophiliac anime fan). How does that sound? By the way, I'm not trolling. I'm serious. I might become a guro fan after rewatching Elfen Lied. 
 Lucy is suffering from split-personality. However when she was a child and in the last three episodes of the anime we see that Lucy has come back to her own self which is the killing without thought or mercy. Actually Lucy has been suffering from split-personality from the time she killed Koda's father and sister when Koda was a kid and had met Lucy for the first time. Shouldn't say anymore. It'll kill all the surprises. 
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil Lucy is suffering from split-personality. However when she was a child and in the last three episodes of the anime we see that Lucy has come back to her own self which is the killing without thought or mercy. Actually Lucy has been suffering from split-personality from the time she killed Koda's father and sister when Koda was a kid and had met Lucy for the first time. Shouldn't say anymore. It'll kill all the surprises. wow bro that was a bit of a dick move...the op said they are only on ep 3 and you go off about how it ends....what part of that seems like a good move to you? and sorry i have never seen elfen lied but im not really into that crazy physco stuff usually. but i may check it out because it is talked about alot. even thos kuze here ruined the ending already 
 He asked a question, I answered it. Fair enough. Though I didn't give much away. There's a lot more surprises to come as he proceeds. 
 I am surprised nobody faps to all of the killing, suffering, pain and gore from Elfen Lied, lol. Please tell me that you DO FAP to ALL OF THAT DELICIOUS GORE! 
 Lol i feel pretty stupid for asking the twin question, i just didnt realize there were more of her kind. and nahhh its whatever i finished before i saw the spoils. sooo good except the ending, i wanna know what happened to Lucy. Ahhhh well, guess the world will never know 
 You could always check out the Manga. That has a lot more to the story. 
 
 Shouldn't you be watching the anime, or reading the manga to find out the answers to these questions? After all.. That's what Anime is for, watching and finding these things out. Not only that, but by asking something like that the person who answers that question is bound to give spoilers out for those who have not yet seen it. I'm just saying.. Not trying to upset, or offend you. :3 
 Evil is a point of view... God kills indiscriminately and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves. 
 nah i finished it, still dont know what happened to lucy. just assuming she came back as Nyu because the box stopped playing m,usic and the clock started to work. 
 Originally Posted by Biet nah i finished it, still dont know what happened to lucy. just assuming she came back as Nyu because the box stopped playing m,usic and the clock started to work. Yes you are right about her having her innocent side permanently.Though,her horns will be grown in about 6 months or so according to the manga. 

