http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159947-quot-Romance-Anime-quot
[Anime] "Romance Anime"
 Flame war? Hardly.  Spoiler How about you calm down and stop embarrassing yourself? You're claiming that I don't listen to you, when I just summarized the first half of your rant as "You're categorizing the whole thing based off of its parts". That is literally what you're explaining to me. A part of the anime had romance, therefore it should be considered as a romance genre. This thread is asking for specific, entirely romance-centric anime...which Angel Beats is not. I'm arguing that an anime is a pure (now I've said that word before as well do you remember? It means ENTIRELY, COMPLETELY.) romance if it does in fact do what you said, drop a lot of the other themes or keep them minimal as it focuses on the love story (like most Shoujo anime or manga). I used Maid-sama because that's exactly what it is, a pure example of a romance anime. All loves story, with comedy and snapshots of other genres thrown in to keep things interesting. Angel Beats, which is not a complete romance love-story, is not like Maid-sama at all. Yet you argue that because both have a love-story mentioned in them, they're both thrust into the category of romances (which I assumed were the pure ones that this thread's subject was about). In actuality, you're the one putting words in other people's mouths here. I was using an example and defending my claim, yet you act the victim and make me out to be some type of belligerent d-bag who's used words that haven't even been mentioned by me, but instead were just personal assumptions made by you! Welcome to A4, arguments happen all the time. This one was pretty civil as well, and still is as long as you don't blow a gasket again because of your mistakes. This whole time I've been providing valid reasoning on the subject, are you just accusing me of any shred of unsatisfactory things you can think of as you typed your rant up? It really sounds like it, because most of your rant hasn't been valid at all. You want out? Slide on by bruv, I'm cool with it. Some just can't handle my swag. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
