http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149787-A4-Role-Players-Tournament!!!
 A4 Role Players Tournament!!!
 To appreciate and give homage to A4 I have constructed this Tournament for it's 11th year anniversary. What is this event? This event is to commemorate the creation of A4. This is more of a tournament then an event. I want this to bring forth the writers and role players of A4 into the lime light, and to show that we are a force that should not be over looked. How long do I have to enter? You have until August 17th to enter. For those of you that may miss the that date, you will have until the first round is being judged (To worm your way into the Tournament). Once the first round is complete and being judged you may no longer enter into this tournament. If you are one of the late members to enter in after the 17th you will be docked points. How do I enter? Entering into this tournament is as easy as snapping your fingers. To enter one must be willing to abide by the rules that have been laid out. Then post in this Thread letting the rest of A4 know that you are ready. Next PM me letting me know that you are interested in participating. If my inbox is full just leave a message upon my wall. I will be sure to get back to you as soon as possible. But for the most part if you have done everything that I have listed above, you are now into the A4 Role Players Tournament. Rules:  Spoiler SPELLING, GRAMMAR, PUNTUATION these are the key points for this Tournament. I don't want to see 'wat' when you should use 'what'. I don't want to see acronym's like: 'idc' for I don't care, or 'lol' there is NO NEED for that in this Tournament(If you do use an acronym then please be sure to bracket behind it as to what it really means). Truth be told the judges and I don't want to see a whole bunch of shoty entries. So BE PROFESSIONAL! This is the only warning.When writing your entries please keep with the flow of your character and surroundings. For example: Your character is in the middle class struggling on a test. DO NOT all of a sudden have a zombie apocalypse, its just absurd. When writing your entries stay in topic. DO NOT of start with a intelligent conversation for dialogue and then switch or “OH! I found a quarter.” Make sure your submissions are original works. Plagiarism is a serious crime and is a ban worthy offence on A4.Keep your entries clean and devoid of lewd or graphic detail. It will not be tolerated and have you kicked out of the Tournament. What the Judges are Looking for: Judge 1:  Spoiler Is looking for grammar and formate, that is coherently written. Style, creativity of the content, and how interesting it is to read goes a long way with this judge. Originality is key! Don't go and rename a character from an anime or video game and call it your own. This judge can spot that from a mile away. Judge 2:  Spoiler This judge is covering all the bases.Your Originality will be judged. Your ability to form an idea and, how often that idea has been used before will play a key role. A word to the wise, tread carefully here. Be creative, adaptive, and create a smooth delivery. Judge 3:  Spoiler For this judge the cornerstone of good, convincing writing is how a writer chooses to depict dialogue. Out of all the things that this judge has chosen to concentrate on, dialogue will be the key component. Your character may be a clever fast-talker, or a careful wordsmith but all good writers know what to give up and what to hold back. It isn't about breaking out a thesaurus or a dictionary(though, they can be helpful sometimes), it's about making sure the character says exactly what they need to say -- even if it's nothing at all. Your dialogue should serve your character and/or the story. To this judge the delivery of dialogue is everything. I am looking forward to getting a bunch of requests for this Tournament. I Currently have at the very least 5 members that have already agreed to participate. I will be double checking with everyone to make sure that we are all on the same page. I hope that this will be a turning point for our role players and writers, to shine. I hope that this becomes popular enough for it to possibly become a tradition. Totalchaos 
 Last edited by totalchaosgirl1988; 08-14-2013 at 01:11 PM. 
 ***IF you ever need to reach me contact me here*** Lost Child ~ 02/23/2012An angel in the book of life wrote down my baby's birth. Then whispered as she closed the book "too beautiful for earth" ~author unknown 
