http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158613-Ookami-Shoujo-to-Kuro-Ouji-(Wolf-Girl-and-Black-Prince)
[Comedy] Ookami Shoujo to Kuro Ouji (Wolf Girl and Black Prince)
 The story centers around Erika Shinohara, a vain 16-year-old girl who tells her friends about her romantic exploits, but she actually has no boyfriend. She claims that a handsome boy in a candid photo is her boyfriend, but it turns out that boy is a schoolmate named Kyōya Sata. She has no choice but to make him her fake boyfriend. Unfortunately, Sata may look like a sweet person, but he is actually an ultra-black-hearted sadist. Sata takes advantage of Erika's weakness and treats her like his dog. This sounds funny (says the sadist in me). :3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Yeah..... "treats her like his dog".... O: I'll give it a try. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Did I just watched Kaichou wa maid sama and Ao Haru Ride combined? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ Did I just watched Kaichou wa maid sama and Ao Haru Ride combined? My thoughts exactly! 

 I really like it , but I think it might be moving too fast.... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I agree it is moving too fast. But really this scenario would probably Never happen in real life, so Im interested in how things will turn out. 

 Talk about fast, its damn Christmas already. This show is really good, but Erika has to be one of the dumbest females ever in the anime world. 

 That guy is so cruel. I know there must b a reason , but still!! Poor Erika 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 So here comes the play boy who hates to be tied down to a one woman.... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Love the comeback Sata gave him in the recent episode when he implied he is enjoying his life 500 times more. 
 - My Anime List
 I know Sata finally said those three little, but very powerful words, however couldn't they let me hear that >,< This is soo cliche! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Must have been an okay shoujo story if the male love interest confessed his feelings for the girl...well, she did it first but semantics. So they going to officially go out or...just intimately appreciate each other? I didn't watch the anime, just the last episode. Seemed fine, a good 10-episode meal or is there more? There's got to be a manga for this. 
 Yeah there will be more episodes. I'm not sure how much but I think about from 1 to 3. And yeah there is manga. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I'll keep myself updated via this thread. Enjoy! 
 Beautiful story. Ending was ordinary, everything was answered. I LOVED IT. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
