http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142570-Should-Men-Be-Able-To-Opt-Out/page3
[Extended Discussion] Should Men Be Able To Opt Out? - Page 3
 Originally Posted by gubica66 No problem it can happen to us all. Uhm no , its not used for abuse but it was give to us by the government which is close to catholic religion. Our religion doesnt accept opt out so its forbidden , its really complicated. Not what I meant lol. How often does it happen that a woman lies to a man so she can get pregnant? 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary Not what I meant lol. How often does it happen that a woman lies to a man so she can get pregnant? Lol XD excuse me but i didnt expect such a question. Uhm no idea in my case this didnt happen. 
 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary Not what I meant lol. How often does it happen that a woman lies to a man so she can get pregnant? Good god woman have you never heard of "OOOPSing"? I mean seriously, women do this all the time, to save relationships, to keep a guy around, to ensure that someone will love them, to get government money, or just out of selfishness and disregard for her partner. It's the oldest trick in the book to keep a guy around for a reason. It's a way fro a woman to ensure that she is taken care of. Sure it's a really backwards ass way to do it, but it happens and it's one of the worst things a woman can do to a guy. Ever wonder why guys flush condoms? This is exactly why. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Ooopsing? Nah, probably more noticeable as "The Keep-a-***** baby." 

 Great, I now have 'Ooops Upside Your Head' playing in my head as opposed to the new Daft Punk single. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Pinky The Blue Flamingo Good god woman have you never heard of "OOOPSing"? I asked gub how often it happened in her area since, neither men or women can 'opt' out. If I didn't know what it was, Snap's post is one of the best summaries ever 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Generally, I think to cause less trouble for the Government, lawyers and all, the female and child too - I think its best if a man knows that he will be permanently taking responsibility and not toy around with it, I think the best way to reword it is...how about the male request the female to abort (if he knows he will be detaching) it seems like he's throwing the responsibility onto the female by well, 'making' the child then suddenly leaving. 
 
