http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?146182-What-song-currently-fits-your-mood/page5
 What song currently fits your mood? - Page 5
 Always leaves me in a good mood x3 
 "The First Cut Is The Deepest" by Sheryl Crow. I love this song so much, she has an angelic voice, the instrumentals are beautiful, but the lyrics touch me cause of my break-up with my ex-gf a few days ago. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 W&W Invasion (ASOT 550 Anthem remix) 

 Beautiful song. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 This song is how I'd describe my current mood. 
 My Anime List
 
 
  Spoiler Watch the video of her by clicking to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duiPO...tailpage#t=486 I need permanent love. I need to escape from my homeland. Bodies are just shell and gender is not important. I am just alone and this is boring as death.. And now, stop wasting my youth! Am i troll? No. Did i harm you? Never. I am harmless, so please love me. If you cry, i will cry more
 
 Originally Posted by Leon_ This song is how I'd describe my current mood. You know, I was going to post something else... but this kinda sums it up. 
 chainsmoker remix always worth 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 
Answer my call, Dark Spear.
 I am crying!!1 
  Spoiler Watch the video of her by clicking to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duiPO...tailpage#t=486 I need permanent love. I need to escape from my homeland. Bodies are just shell and gender is not important. I am just alone and this is boring as death.. And now, stop wasting my youth! Am i troll? No. Did i harm you? Never. I am harmless, so please love me. If you cry, i will cry more
 Zedd is a God<3 
A scattered dream that's like a far off memory... A far off memory that's like a scattered dream... I wanna line the pieces up... yours, and mine...
 Pretty much the situation I'm in right now, has subs. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Piano classical's, or any anime song piano covers. 

 Because I do what I want to do. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Ah, not a big fan of this band.. but this song has been driving me nuts for weeks now.. Song: Feel. Artist: Matchbox 20. Album: N/A.  Spoiler When you feel like breaking someone, use this song. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 I just feel bored, you know like falling asleep from a stupid band and stupid song like this one or something! *smiles* Actually, this song is HALF way decent........mehhhhh 
 Last edited by Rissa; 10-27-2013 at 12:33 AM. 
 
 Jesus christ some of the sh*t kids listen to these days *irony* But whatever, to each his own. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 ^^^Yeah, Modest Mouse is awesome. "Float On" was one of my songs back in 2004. It always had a quirky quality to it that's not so easy to describe. As for me, I have to say in recent days.. it's definitely been Deftones. I haven't really listened to them in years, properly, but the flavor of this song is just too awesome. I've been feeling more free.. and something about that song carries that message for me. "And I wonder, can you take me on?" Those words alone speak volumes for me right now. Artist: Deftones. Song: 976-Evil. Album: Diamond Eyes. Video:  Spoiler 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Name: Kagerou days Artist: Nico Nico Album: Kagerou Project Description, reminds me of my favourite anime, its really powerful. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
