http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Mana was, displeased. It was an unusual almost foreign feeling. A hit hadn't gone as smoothly as she'd liked, a combination of bad timing and a lack of information gathered had led the kill to become... messy and unnecessarily prolonged. There was no need for some faceless nobody, who happened to stumble across secrets the organisation wanted to keep that way, to die in such a... gruesome fashion. Mana wasn't displeased with the organisation, or her superiors because she didn't have the capacity to do so. Displeasure with the organisation could quickly end with her being, discontinued. Mana knew if the organisation had informed her the target was an empath, she would have acted accordingly. She wouldn't have tried to get close to him quietly, one doesn't sneak up on an empath. They can sense hostility a mile away. But even if the Organisation could have easily prevented the source of her displeasure, she did not lay the blame with them. Yet Mana could not blame herself, her plan was perfect according the her information, her execution would have been the same, backed up by what felt like years of training and experience. But in actuality was far closer to a fortnight being programmed as such at the end of physical incubation. So no, Mana wasn't displeased with herself either, she was simply displeased with some vague concept of chance and no matter how illogical such a feeling was, she couldn't shake it. Even now, after changing from a set of combat gear into casual urban clothing in one of the Organisations multiple safe houses located over Glam District, weapons gone save for a small survival knife inside her jacket. She sat out the front of her favorite coffee shop in this area. Mana still felt a stirring of displeasure inside her. How Vexing, her first complication on the job in the last few months since she was first allowed to leave the laboratory. Emotions and feelings were not apart of Mana's Programming, the knowledge and experience imparted upon her before she awoke for the first time, perhaps a mere 12 months ago. Displeasure was a difficult one to deal with, unlike discomfort which Mana had much experience with, it didn't dissolve once the issue was dealt with. Perhaps it was some thing that eroded over time? Which left Mana sighing. Ordinarily she'd be able to ask Ro, or Alpha for advice on how to deal with such things. But both were away in other districts. The Coffee shop it's self where Mana sat was located on the corner of an intersection within glam district. It wasn't a particularly popular place as it wasn't quite as "upscale" as much of glam district and it's residents believed themselves to be. So it tended to be home to a few of the more humble residents or those who worked in Glam but lived outside. Which was fine for Mana, she hadn't the time for the devices of Glam districts usual residents. Not that she'd be permitted to engage in such trivialities, Mana hardly had time to find moments like these when she could simply be alone. Not training her body, or undergoing tests on her body or out stalking a target. Just herself a cup of coffee and a large slice of cake to keep her going. 
