http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140975-Game-of-Thrones/page2
 Game of Thrones - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. That kid could give even Daniel Day Lewis lessons in acting like a sneering, self entitled douche. Sad to hear he's getting abuse if its true. Martin says he is the nicest kid on the planet lol. @struggler he sounds like a badass but that's too bad. Love the show thus far. I don't think Tyrion is interested in becoming king, but I am positive he will pull something to get rid of his father and sister, and it'll be fun to watch. As for the house I would choose, I say the hell with the humans, I'm with the white walkers. Tyrion is probably my favorite character. It's only gonna get better since he is literally in a dagerous situation right now and has only gotten so far into the series with his intelligence and manipulating them. Always fun to see him lecture Jofrey and the others. 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Martin says he is the nicest kid on the planet lol. @struggler he sounds like a badass but that's too bad. Tyrion is probably my favorite character. It's only gonna get better since he is literally in a dagerous situation right now and has only gotten so far into the series with his intelligence and manipulating them. Always fun to see him lecture Jofrey and the others. Tyrion gained my respect because hes the only one man enough to stand up to Jeoffrey's insanity. Too bad Stannis didn't get a chance to behead the little prick. 

 *furiously avoids looking at all the other posts in this thread* After reading a bit of the book, I picked up the first season and started watching. I'm only two episodes in and Dany, Tyrion, and Arya are already my favorites. I can feel myself pulling an all night to finish this tonight. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 Originally Posted by FullMetalFangirl *furiously avoids looking at all the other posts in this thread* After reading a bit of the book, I picked up the first season and started watching. I'm only two episodes in and Dany, Tyrion, and Arya are already my favorites. I can feel myself pulling an all night to finish this tonight. Yeah you're best off not reading the other posts. However your choices of favorite characters are excellent ones! 

 Guess who finished season/book one? Yeah. That was me. And while I called all the 'plot twists', it didn't give me the usual satisfaction I get from being right all the freaking time. (Humble, I'm aware.)  Spoiler Dany's baby and Drogo dying killed me more than I thought it would. But I called Joeffrey being the product of incest from the moment they mentioned the Lannister golden hair. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 Holy crap that was fast. how many pages. Actually I rather enjoyed that plot twist. It's an era of death, betrayal, and danger and it was only logical to display that. Most shows wouldn't do this really and I thought it was great way to build meaningful hatred towards Joffrey. I only expect more twists from now on though. 
 Originally Posted by FullMetalFangirl Guess who finished season/book one? Yeah. That was me. And while I called all the 'plot twists', it didn't give me the usual satisfaction I get from being right all the freaking time. (Humble, I'm aware.)  Spoiler Dany's baby and Drogo dying killed me more than I thought it would. But I called Joeffrey being the product of incest from the moment they mentioned the Lannister golden hair. Good calls! I guess I kinda knew because the Baratheon's don't raise little ******* bastards like him! lol Yeah that really suprised me when Drogo and his son both died. I thought they would be major players in the whole fight for the throne. I trust you are enjoying the show so far? 

 Oh, hell yes. I realize how late I am to the party, but I'm hoping to catch up by the time the next book comes out this fall. It really is just a fantastic show. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 Btw I apologize to the mods for that swearword, I just hate Jeoffrey so much! XD But its better late than never! 

 And while I called all the 'plot twists', it didn't give me the usual satisfaction I get from being right all the freaking time. (Humble, I'm aware.) Seeing as Jiame and Cersei were going at it from the first minute we saw them, Joffrey looks nothing like his father and that Sean Bean premuturely dies in like everything I am glad you didn't get any satisfaction because you predicted nothing. No gold stars for you! Or iron ones. Originally Posted by Knivesmillions Btw I apologize to the mods for that swearword, I just hate Jeoffrey so much! XD But its better late than never! Off to the wall with ye! 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Who the hell watches news at this time of the day. Urgh. I really wanted to watch the new episode I was more sujrprised that she grew to like Drogo. hah her douche brother was right. 
 

 What do the Tyrels want exactly? All of this is getting pretty convoluted especially introducing the fact that Sansa should marry him. And is Joffrey going to have a character development? I'm so glad Jamie is getting what he deserves. 
 I laugh at everyone who hasn't read the books. Boy are you in for a surprise! LMFAO. Also, please note the amusing case of poor, Sean Bean.  Spoiler 
 Scythe Massakur's quote of the month: If you’re not paying for it, you’re the product being sold. Individual Eleven: Number 8:Warfare and weaponry - Join Us  Spoiler 
 ^ He didn't last to long in Equilibrium either 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 What do the Tyrels want exactly? All of this is getting pretty convoluted especially introducing the fact that Sansa should marry him. And is Joffrey going to have a character development? I'm so glad Jamie is getting what he deserves. The Tyrells want more power, much like everyone else vying for the throne of the seven kingdoms. It's the same reason the Lannisters tried to get Rhaegar Targaryen to marry Cersei before the rebellion. Look where they are now. What sort of character development would Joffrey get? He's a twisted monster and coming from his birth, been set up to stay a twisted monster. He isn't a sympathetic person and isn't going to be redeemed. Jaime deserves his freedom, best character in the series next to Tyrion. 

 Wow, the latest episode they came out with.....Pretty sure i creamed my pants. That's how awesome it was. 

 Why would you want development from Joffery? Just sit and wait for him to be brutally murdered/die like the rest of us. Great casting for him by the way because he has probably one of the most unlikable faces I have ever seen. Theon scene was the greatest literally had to laugh out loud at that. And of course I want to marry Daeneyrs Stormborn 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Whats funny is I severely disliked Dany until recently. I am glad her character has redeemed herself in my eyes. The lack of Jon Snow in these episodes is travesty. Jon and Bran are my favorite characters followed closely by Arya. 
 
 Originally Posted by Ian Jaime deserves his freedom, best character in the series next to Tyrion. The book readerers (thats a word right?) love them some Jamie, but as someone who's only read 1 1/2 books, **** him. That scene was amazing. You could see him scared for what appeared to be the first time in his life, and just when he thought he'd slithered his way through another fine mess (of his own making).....bam! Jazz hand mother****er! Brilliant brilliant scene, and a cracking end to an otherwise mediocre episode. I can't wait for the latest one. I am hoping Tywin and that old Tyrel dingbat share some scenes. Originally Posted by TonyTony Why would you want development from Joffery? Just sit and wait for him to be brutally murdered/die like the rest of us. Great casting for him by the way because he has probably one of the most unlikable faces I have ever seen. Are you up to date with the books? It would be a shame if he was just a 1 dimensional sadistic twat as he started the whole thing lol. There's room for er....improvement? Redemption seems to be a theme in this series, although I've only seen hints of it so far. Also, isn't the inbreeding a reason for sadistic bastards being on the throne? The Targaryen's had this problem as well..... 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Are you up to date with the books? It would be a shame if he was just a 1 dimensional sadistic twat as he started the whole thing lol. There's room for er....improvement? Redemption seems to be a theme in this series, although I've only seen hints of it so far. Also, isn't the inbreeding a reason for sadistic bastards being on the throne? The Targaryen's had this problem as well..... I have not read the books but do know what happens. I can't help but read all character bios and plots and stories when it's easily available ;(. But not trying to spoil so speaking from a purely speculation point in my post 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Oh, the Game Of Thrones Wiki thing? Yeah, stopped that sh1t after I started reading on the old Valyria freehold (Valyrian steel sounded so damn cool ;.; ) and did that wiki hopping thing and....thank you copious amounts of brain cell killing substances. <3 But yeah, book 3 is more or less spoiled but denial is bliss. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I do a bit of that, but so far I've managed to hold myself back for the most part. Really only what happens to Beric Dondarrion was ever spoiled for me, as I found him interesting and ended up looking up more on him before I had read that far in the books. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Jaime pushed Bran out the window and screwed over Ned, so I feel he got what he deserved. Although this does set up a nice redemption for him. First he saves Brienna ( sp? The big woman ), then he loses his hand, hits rock bottom, and then we begin to see the beginning of possibly a new Jaime. I actually want to see more of what is going on with Varys and the old Sorcerer. Is he just going to kill/torture him, or is he going to find out what the demon/blue flame thing was? Pretty funny watching Margarey play Geoffrey like a fiddle, and Olyena playing "cut the b/s" with Varys. Still, waiting on Geoffrey to kick the bucket, it just has to happen, there is no redemption for him, and he is in everyones way to the throne. As for poor Tyrion...that poor guy is on one heck of a rollercoaster. The Daenrys scene ( my spelling of these names is horrible ).... How could that guy not see the double cross coming. You openly insult your customer and sell her your entire army....derp. Seriously do a back ground check on someone willing to buy your entire army, hey maybe find out who she is, and if she speaks your language. Still anyone question how those warriors have zero scars on them? Supposedly only 25% make it through training, but no one is going to make it through a lifetime of training without some scars. 
 Originally Posted by Guybrush888 Jaime pushed Bran out the window and screwed over Ned, so I feel he got what he deserved. Although this does set up a nice redemption for him. First he saves Brienna ( sp? The big woman ), then he loses his hand, hits rock bottom, and then we begin to see the beginning of possibly a new Jaime. I actually want to see more of what is going on with Varys and the old Sorcerer. Is he just going to kill/torture him, or is he going to find out what the demon/blue flame thing was? Pretty funny watching Margarey play Geoffrey like a fiddle, and Olyena playing "cut the b/s" with Varys. Still, waiting on Geoffrey to kick the bucket, it just has to happen, there is no redemption for him, and he is in everyones way to the throne. As for poor Tyrion...that poor guy is on one heck of a rollercoaster. The Daenrys scene ( my spelling of these names is horrible ).... How could that guy not see the double cross coming. You openly insult your customer and sell her your entire army....derp. Seriously do a back ground check on someone willing to buy your entire army, hey maybe find out who she is, and if she speaks your language. Still anyone question how those warriors have zero scars on them? Supposedly only 25% make it through training, but no one is going to make it through a lifetime of training without some scars. Pretty sure that guy getting his nipple cut off left a scar. 
