http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117352-What-are-you-currently-watching/page136
[Anime] What are you currently watching? - Page 136
 Watching # Anime Title Score Type Progress Rated 1 Edit - More Absolute Duo Airing 10 TV 2/12 + R 2 Edit - More Akatsuki no Yona Airing 8 TV 14/- + PG-13 3 Edit - More Ansatsu Kyoushitsu (TV) Airing - TV 1/22 + PG-13 4 Edit - More Juuou Mujin no Fafnir Airing 9 TV 2/- + PG-13 5 Edit - More Kuroko no Basket 3rd Season Airing - TV 1/26 + PG-13 6 Edit - More Naruto: Shippuuden Airing 7 TV 395/- + PG-13 7 Edit - More Seiken Tsukai no World Break Airing 9 TV 1/- + R 8 Edit - More Shinmai Maou no Testament Airing 9 TV 2/12 + R 9 Edit - More Tokyo Ghoul √A Airing - TV 2/12 + R TV: 9, OVA: 0, Movies: 0, Spcl.: 0, Eps: 420, DL Eps: 0, Days: 6.77, Mean Score: 8.7, Score Dev.: 1.28 

 I'm on episode 4 of infinite stratos. Cool show! I like the action and the harem setting. I'm also watching: Military! The testament if sister new devil Durarara 2 Log horizon Maria the virgin witch I may pick up another new one. Not sure though. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I'm watching Girls und Panzer. Interesting show, it rather reminds me of Upotte in some ways. Still high schools are housed on aircraft carriers!? Not to mention that Tank warfare is a girls inter-school sport? The premises are more than a bit odd. Still I've seen stranger things in anime. Fun so far! 

 I just started watching .hack//Sign even thought it's confusing, I still like it. 

 Started Asu No Yoichi! Not masterpiece for sure, but just what I wanted on the side of Inuyasha. Ligh hearted, comedy filled with little bit of ecchi. While it's not something that you will probably remember and cry over it surely will get smile on your face or occasional laugh. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/lATLl&show=0&order=4
 I've been watching Tokyo Ghoul, and until the next episode comes out, I'm looking at Elfen Lied or finishing Attack on Titan... 
 "If you were to write a story with me in the lead role, it would certainly be... a tragedy"
 Currently watching... Kill la Kill, Sword Art Online, Fullmetal Alchemist, and Death Note. 

 I just finished episode 6 of infinite stratos. This has everything I enjoy about animes. Harems and mecha and comedy It could use some more guns in it but other than that its really good I'm glad there is a season two to enjoy afterwards. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 New; Tokyo Ghoul 2 Akame ga Kill Re-watching; Gundam SEED Attack on Titan Junjou Romantica 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 I'm about 10 episodes into season one of Nodame Cantible and I am loving it so far. You can tell when it's going to be a good show when you keep telling yourself "Just one more episode" over and over again lol. 
 Originally Posted by ThatOneOddDrone Currently watching... Kill la Kill, Sword Art Online, Fullmetal Alchemist, and Death Note. Death note is one of my favorites, but I've been wanting to watch Kill la Kill. How do you like it?? Fullmetal Alchemist is a classic. I remember watching that one in middle school and fell in love with anime because of it. 
 "If you were to write a story with me in the lead role, it would certainly be... a tragedy"
 I'm currently watching Tokyo Ghoul Root A and I guess I'll start back Jungle wa itsumo Hare nochi Guu in a few days. 
 Watching Shin Sekai Yori. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 I am a bit embarrassed but: Girls und Panzer. I love how anime is always so accurate in drawing guns, weapons, cars, etc... (see Gunslinger Girl, Gunsmith Cats, Noir) The tanks in this anime are cool. The story is falling short for me. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 Currently watchig three very different yet absolutely awesome anime at the same time. First off I finally got around to Attack on Titan the anime. I had already read the first three volumes of the manga which I liked though I found them too heavy on the action and the plot development going too slow. The anime however has this one beat by a considerable margin by constructing it's main story far better and also adding in little scenes that really help with the drama. In my opinion, while the AoT manga is pretty damn good Tetsuro Araki has taken this already quality manga and turned it into a fantastic anime. This is the first time I think that I'm not going to continue the manga and rather follow the anime. Of course I will admit it gets a little overshadowed by the infamous anime mammoth that is Legend of the Galactic Heroes. I hate to use this word because it's been misused more than any other word I;ve come across but LOGH is EPIC! In every sense of the word. This is an epic for the ages. A towering masterpiece that more than any One Pieces, FMAs or Attack on Titans will go down in history and will be viewed fifty years from now when everyone has even forgotten about this old timey show called Bleach. Why? Because this is not just anime for anime lovers. This is an anime that anyone can enjoy. You could air this on HBO and it wouldn't feel out of place. Legend of the Galactic Heroes is as powerful today as it was thirty years ago and will continue to stand the test of time. Of that I am sure. It's story is powerful, intelligent and nuanced. It's writing is eloquent and full of class with an understated tone and biting social criticism. And finally the music is of course timeless since it was composed sveral hundred years before the anime came out. This is the anime that will forever be the the benchmark that any show I watch from now on will have to live up to. Yes it has it's flaws. Not al of the characters are as well developed and it's visual are dated. But at the same time...nothing this good has been made since. At least not to my knowledge. And finally...I'm currently following the second cour of Aldnoah Zero on Crunchyroll (which you can now access outside the US!!!) and while I have only seen the first episode (I'm one of those non paying gits so I ahve to wait a week before being able tos ee the latest episode) I feel it's definitely still going strong. Very curious how the rest of the story will develop. Gotta keep watching. I already broke my own policy of only watching an anime when it's finished so might as well keep watching. Not that I actually could stop right now. Not after that massive reveal at the end of ep13. No way! 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Just started Log Horizon 2, I liked the in game story in season 1 although the background story, or rather lack of, is a little disappointing. Season 2 seems to be following along pretty well where 1 left off, but there are a couple of cryptic moments that seem out of place that I'm trying to figure out what they're about. Hopefully it will make sense when I get a few more eps out of the way. Yoda, IS is a fun show for what it is as long as you can put up with Ichika's cluelessness. You may not want to watch IS2 though, the whole story is kind of dropped in mid-air with lots of loose ends and no season 3 to put things together. 

 Originally Posted by Griffmeister Just started Log Horizon 2, I liked the in game story in season 1 although the background story, or rather lack of, is a little disappointing. Season 2 seems to be following along pretty well where 1 left off, but there are a couple of cryptic moments that seem out of place that I'm trying to figure out what they're about. Hopefully it will make sense when I get a few more eps out of the way. Yoda, IS is a fun show for what it is as long as you can put up with Ichika's cluelessness. You may not want to watch IS2 though, the whole story is kind of dropped in mid-air with lots of loose ends and no season 3 to put things together. Ah such is the way of anime. Some are concluded and others have no closure. Aesthetica of a rogue hero is the worst I've encourted that's like that. Btooom could use more but it doesn't detract from the show. I plan to start your lie in April when I'm done with is season 1. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Started watching season 3 of Kuroko no Basket and season 2 of Durarara!! 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 Tokyo Ghoul Season 2 (Might take a break 'til it gets some more episodes) Kuroko no Basuke (Same as above) Absolute Duo (Same as above) Natsu no Taizai (Again, same as above) Trying to catch up to One Piece as well. Yet a long way to go, only at episode 127. 
 I'm an Angel with a shotgun, Fighting til' the wars won, I don't care if Heaven won't take me back. I'll throw away my faith, babe, just to keep you safe. Don't you know you're everything I have?
 To Love-Ru Episode 4. WHAT THE ****! Like it's kinda WTF even normally. But are you kidding me? A FCKING octopus? Two of them! Giant lobster and some kind of shark or some ****. LIKE WTF did I just watch.. Ill give it that it was funny, but strange, definetly strange, but also funny. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/lATLl&show=0&order=4
 Originally Posted by ATL To Love-Ru Episode 4. WHAT THE ****! Like it's kinda WTF even normally. But are you kidding me? A FCKING octopus? Two of them! Giant lobster and some kind of shark or some ****. LIKE WTF did I just watch.. Ill give it that it was funny, but strange, definetly strange, but also funny. Your first encounter with octopi eh? Try sekirei, queens blade and ikkitousen after you finish to love Ru. Oh and highschool dxd too. All are a good time. I'm liking infinite stratos a lot!!! Oh @atl - I think momo kyun sword also has tentacles in it it too. Tentacles aren't uncommon in anime. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I've got a lot to get through. To aru no majutsu no index Jigoku Shojou Futakomori Parasyte Gintama Beelzebub 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Your first encounter with octopi eh? Try sekirei, queens blade and ikkitousen after you finish to love Ru. Oh and highschool dxd too. All are a good time. I'm liking infinite stratos a lot!!! Have seen Highschool DxD. While not flat out bad, it was.. a bit too childish/gringworthy, if you get what I mean. Like on fighting scenes and stuff. After this I will probably look for more serious one. Not that it can't contain comedy, but more of actual romance being the main thing rather than otherwise. Like in To Love-Ru too I feel that there isn't really "serious" parts at all. It's mostly all comedy with romance part being comedy too. So while once in a while I like to watch one of them I would prefer finding one where it's not quite like that. Also I'm watching Inuyasha now. At episode 42. Let me make a guess. Am I witnessing slowest developing relationship ever? To be honest I am not expecting their relationship to even go anywhere. I liked it so far though, but now it just seems like it's starting to drag. Like what are they gonna do? Face new monster and get more shards. There are suppose to be 160+ episodes, of just fighting random monsters while having these mini plots of like inuyasha and kagome getting a bit of disagreement or someone's friend from past showing up or something like that. Like I don't want to watch 100 episodes of just that? Anyone that has seen all of it, without revealing any critical parts. What am I expecting here? Just plain same or will it actually get more interesting? Edit: To Love-Ru episode 6 start. What am I watching? Did I just see some kind of fish-human guy running holding his groin and mumbling "toilet.. toilet.. toilet.." Just when I thought it can't go any weirder... well I was wrong. 
 Last edited by ATL; 01-20-2015 at 06:35 PM. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/lATLl&show=0&order=4
 Parasyte which I highly recommend 
~Wound
 Currently Darker than Black, pretty good so far. I like ze mask 
Dude, come on. Have you not read the forum rules of advertising on A4? Please read our Rules and the list of legal anime streaming websites in our FAQ - Shannon Apple.
