http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158318-Relationships-and-Anime
[Personal Life Discussions] Relationships and Anime
 As per the title, Relationships and Anime, I am curious about our members and what role anime plays in their relationship(s). For example: I was in a relationship and she wasn't interested in Anime for the same old excuses of it looking too childish or over the top and etc. My close family accept it but don't really ask about it. As for my friends I have one close friend who loves it as much as I do. I'd love to have more friends to watch it with or talk about it with and it'd obviously be 'the dream' to have a partner who likes it (but not necessarily the same genre's) as much as I do. What role does Anime play in your relationship with family/partners/friends? 
 My family knows about my anime hobby , but doesn't say much besides that they think I'm strange . Friends are the same .. Thought now I have two friends that watch anime 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 My family know I love anime. My brother likes anime. He watched it but not as much as me. He got.me into anime. My friends know I watch it. One thinks it stupid 'childish' blah blah blah .. I have one friend who watches a bit. my other friends arn't really bothered. Made some friends on here who watch it as well :-) Partners.. Don't have one 
 { All Credit for this goes to Raffee }
 We all watch them, so it works out. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 My parents know i watch anime but don't show any interest in it. Some of my friends watch it but they don't live near me so we can't really hang out that much. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Most of my friends watch anime regularly, included in that topic is every girl I've ever had interest in. The only people who really dont are my immediate family, I'm pretty sure they've never even heard of anime. And if my father ever found out i watched High School DxD he'd probably hit me so hard the Earth would come out of stable orbit. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Originally Posted by BlackTemplar Most of my friends watch anime regularly, included in that topic is every girl I've ever had interest in. The only people who really dont are my immediate family, I'm pretty sure they've never even heard of anime. And if my father ever found out i watched High School DxD he'd probably hit me so hard the Earth would come out of stable orbit. As he should. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler I need you in my life Timpler-senpai. There was a period of about 5 months where i wasnt on this forum after you joined, i wonder to myself at times how you ever got by without me Stroogler-chan. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Originally Posted by BlackTemplar There was a period of about 5 months where i wasnt on this forum after you joined, i wonder to myself at times how you ever got by without me Stroogler-chan. I have always been here. This is the Overlook Hotel of the internet. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 For me, my family used to watch anime with me (I got into it on my own from adult swim and what not but I got my family to use rentanime to rent anime dvds and we would watch them together). Friends; I never really had any growing up and all my friends that I made in the past two years were thanks to anime so I'd say anime is the only reason I ever even got any friends. Its the same with my boyfriend, if it wasn't for our shared interest in anime we would have never met. Me and him watch anime together frequently and it is a huge chunk of what we converse about. So on family it never played a huge role or anything but with friends and my significant other its basically the only reason I even met them. 
 Some people like it, some don't. My family never got it, which is a shame as my mom would go nuts for XXXHolic but she won't watch it as it's animated. lf it was a live-action show she'd be all over it. Some of the members of the sci-fi club I belong to are into anime. As a matter of fact, we just finished watching Darker Than Black and are going to be starting Slayers for the media days. I know I will always be the guy at the anime con that all the normal people at the hotel cling to as I don't cosplay. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Pretty much everyone I know has seen anime. In fact, I think most of the students in the senior school watches anime. A plethora of weebs. As for family, I don't think they even know what it is. When they see it, they'll probably classify it as a cartoon. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 My brother and mother have been anime fans longer than I have. They urged me to start watching and even though I did, it had nothing to do with them. I'm part of a club in my school that covers a ridiculous amount of fandoms. A lot of the people in the club watch anime regularly. My girlfriend hates anime but I don't care at all. I actually appreciate that she isn't an anime fangirl cuz those chicks are creepy as **** most of the time. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Struggler I have always been here. This is the Overlook Hotel of the internet. Now I imagine you as the guy behind the bar. Whud is those creepy twins... Waiting for kids at the end of hallways 

 My first girlfriend hated anime and the fact that I watched it. She eventually told me to stop watching it or else, so I ended up watching it in secret. One time I mentioned that I wanted to buy a Haruhi DVD and she threatened to cheat on me if I did. Obviously we didn't last long after that. The last girl I dated was totally cool with it and would even watch it with me. She really got into K-ON and Madoka Magica. 
 My Family knows about my anime hobby and well they're the annoying people who think anime is all porn and I could prove it to them with some of the anime I watch (excluding the few ecchi anime) 
YouTube | FaceBook | Twitter |
 I'm really impressed that Jellz and Aku Akane have family that watch or watched Anime with them. Even more so that Jellz got into because of his mum. I actually find it difficult to discuss Anime with people as I think that is down to the general coverage of Anime as being childish (because of style) or about porn (because of a lot of minor issues). I often find it a heck of a lot deeper and considerably more fun than the stuff I've seen my family watch. 
 My family knows I've been into anime, cartoons, video games, etc for a long time. They don't say anything about it. Some of my family members like it, too. As for relationships, I've never been like "OMG you must like anime or it's over." The people I have been in a relationship with either accepted it or also watched some form of it. 

 My father have influenced my interest in anime and Japan overall, since he would bring souvenirs from there after coming home from his martial arts training. So he knows my interest but he doesn't seem to understand why, but I don't complain! As for my little sister, I knew she liked my anime recommendations (Howl's Moving Castle e.g) back when she were 10 years old but after that we got lost in transition. Now we have ended up barely knowing each other or talking at all, even though we live wall to wall. The people I consider my friends love anime but only to certain genres. One prefer animal themed shows above anything and the other only want psychological plot twists or otherwise he think it's not worth watching it. But that's none of my business because I'm just glad we have some common interests. 
 - My Anime List
 Originally Posted by VampirePrincessKairi My family knows I've been into anime, cartoons, video games, etc for a long time. They don't say anything about it. Some of my family members like it, too. As for relationships, I've never been like "OMG you must like anime or it's over." The people I have been in a relationship with either accepted it or also watched some form of it. This. No one in my family's particularly given any care or thought about it either way. My oldest brother and I are the main ones that watch it, but there's never been any familial 'consequences' over anime. They see it like they see most shows.. it's just a show. As for relationships, it's never been a 'make or break' issue for me. Everyone I've dated past and present, have never taken issue with it, nor have I with them whether they like anime or not. But most liked it, casually like myself. Anime has never been a deal breaker for myself, and vice versa with women. My girlfriend right now likes anime, but isn't all hardcore over it, just as I'm not. So it all works out. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 My parents know about my anime hobby, they just dismiss it as a cartoon and childish and pointless, but don't really care. Most of my friends are sporty and stuff, they don't really watch anime. Although one does read manga. I have one friend who watches anime actively, but our tastes dont really match. At all. Fortunately my high school has an anime club, Im able to meet people who have the same interests as me and stuff. 

 My brother, sister, and friends all watched anime. Even in college and the Marine Corps, never had to look far to find another anime enthusiast. 
 Anime IMO is no different than any hobby like football, hunting, hiking, cake decorating, watching TV, or even just sitting outside staring at the road. Not everyone has the same hobbies. My 90 year old Great Uncle still watches Disney Cartoons and has watched it since he was young. Do I think him childish or stupid? Nah. He is a millionaire and had a big business in house building. I've personally never been judged for watching anime (and if I was I'd just call them a bigot and be done with them). Though I don't usually go in a room and say HEY I WATCH ANIME, so maybe that's why. As for my family, we wound up arguing about who gets to use the DVR more than what I was actually watching. These days thanks to the good old internet though, I have no use for the TV anymore. 
 I'm not really big on anime like I used to be (although manga is another story). My boyfriends have all liked it to a degree and never found it weird. My current boyfriend usually only watches dramas though, but he's not overly picky as long as something has a decent plot line. I've never felt judged for liking it since leaving high school. My Japanese partner this semester at school happens to be pretty into manga and some anime, mainly because of her younger brother. She likes a lot of the older shounen series. So I feel good knowing some of the series she likes a lot. lol 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 No one in my family is really interested in anime, but I do appreciate it when they show at least a little interest in it, or what it is, what are my favorites (even though they wouldn't know what I was talking about), etc... A lot of my first friends only knew some anime like Attack on Titan (well, duh, it's the most overrated of them all) and otherwise they didn't really like it as much as I did, and only a few really read manga sometimes. But then when I started going to a different school, I found a lot of people who were true anime nerds and we always give each other recommendations and talk about things ^^ As for an actual love-relationship, I've never had one, so I wouldn't really know lol 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
