http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159705-Favorite-Mystery-Anime
 Favorite Mystery Anime?
 Ghost in The Shell, Detective Conan, and Psycho-Pass are some of the best ones I've seen. Murder mysteries are always fun although the cyber punk theme can get a little frustrating at times. Bonus points if you recommend something that is dubbed I know I'm a nub. I'll love you forever if you suggest one that was dubbed all the way through, unlike poor poor Detective Conan. Jerry Jewell was an awesome Jimmy Kudo *sigh*. Seriously I want to learn Japanese so I can watch the other 600 something episodes. 
 I love Detective Conan. I saw the dub, but I was not a big fan of it. As for the original, I kinda dropped it after episode 680+, which was when the fillers started to really bore me. It became like this generic shounen anime where stuff happens for the sake of stuff happening, and there was very little plot-progression and character development. I prefer the old version of the anime though, where there's a lot more drama and suspense with the black organization and Ran's heartaches. The fourth movie is definitely my favorite one, since it has tons of character development in that one. I also remember watching Detective School Q. I liked that anime as a kid. Then there was also the live action Kindaichi J-drama. I've also seen the Liar Game live action J-drama a while ago; I quite liked that one. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 Eventually I'll wind up checking out the subs, but I'm definitely trying to stick with the dubs for now. I'll probably wind up checking out Detective School Q. I live on my own, but I'm only 21 so I'm basically a man-child of sorts. It's probably right up my alley lol. 
 Originally Posted by dayXdreamer I'll probably wind up checking out Detective School Q. I live on my own, but I'm only 21 so I'm basically a man-child of sorts. It's probably right up my alley lol. Haha, it's actually not that childish or anything. I remember that there was a pretty well-written scene in there that made me cry back then. Detective Conan deals with the reality of death much more naturally, but I think Detective School Q did quite a solid job as well. If anything, it's merely kinda generic compared to other mystery anime. You should watch Monster if you're a big mystery-buff. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 Wikipedia says they dubbed Detective School Q, but I can't find it anywhere, I might have to suck it up and just watch it subbed. I'm watching Monster now, it seems interesting to say the least. 
 Cinderella boy is the only real mystery one I've seen. Its a detective show. Come to think of it birdy the mighty decode is really a detective show too. Finally black butler has detective episodes as well. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 You definitely need to check out Monster, my friend. The best one out there and its available in dub. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Yeah I'm definitely hooked on Monster. I got 1 week before I go back to work, time to make the most of it or something like that lol 
 Monster is the best. Durarara counts as mystery right? 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Loups garous is a really good movie about a group of kids who try to start a pop group but end up caught up in a murder mystery. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Monster is the best. Durarara counts as mystery right? Lol I'll check it out after I finish Monster and I'll let you know 
 Mirai Nikki is also some incredible awesomeness. It's just the exact same mix of psycho thrilling and mystery. 
 Originally Posted by dayXdreamer Lol I'll check it out after I finish Monster and I'll let you know Durarara is more action than mystery. But there are a lot of who dunnit type situations in it. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 If you like only mystery and no solution try "Umineko no naku koro ni" i enjoyed it but got very sad without a conclution or a real mind F anime like "Paranoia agent" or "From the new world" dark and very mysterious 
 Boogiepop Phantom comes to mind. One you really have to pay attention to. 
 I'd want to add in Hyouka and Gosick too. They're not as dark but both's mysteries are intriguing. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 GoSick is hands down my favorite mystery anime. It had a consistent story and plot with incorporated romance that wasn't forced at all. The mystery's and the way they were solved were the most interesting part of this anime and how they went about taking care of each one. I've also noticed that a lot of people overlooked this anime, but if you're into mystery this is a must in my opinion. 

 My favorite is When they cry 
 Originally Posted by butters My favorite is When they cry Mine too. But I'd reckon that is more like a thriller. And excellent one @Nova: *high5* 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 In anime, my favorite mistery anime is Monster defintely, because the characters are very realistic and humans, the plot was a great idea in the world of anime, the ambientation was perfect for the style, the antagonist was one of the most creepy antagonist that I've seen in an anime, definitely a semi Master piece. 

 I just finished watching Paranoia Agent. It's a pretty good show too. It doesn't got a lot of action but when it comes to mystery and psychological thriller, this Anime hits the mark. 
 Originally Posted by TokyoMask I just finished watching Paranoia Agent. It's a pretty good show too. It doesn't got a lot of action but when it comes to mystery and psychological thriller, this Anime hits the mark. Paranoia Agent was pretty messed up psychologically-wise. Good anime ^__^ 

 One of the most creepy mistery anime that I saw was Higurashi no naku koro ni. That contrast between sweet girls/deadly psychopathics was really creepy! The only good thing in season 2 has been that it has given me some answers, but I didn't like it... 
