http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159645-Dissolving-Arcadia
[OOC] Dissolving Arcadia
 In the times of the Omega, (The End) of what we like to call Earth, came peace. The land has lived in harmony used for over Millions of years. The world was a Utopia thanks to the order given place by the Almighty Gods. The Gods who have been around before time itself has finally ceased their power. Hades, the God of the underworld had a son named Udyesse, which was the evil child of Prophet. Udyesse held the power to destroy the immortal Gods. One by One the evil God used his control to remove the Powers from the Gods of order, starting with his father Hades. The only God to survive was Zeus, the king and father of Gods. Although the king of God's power was leaving him, he escaped the Abysses of Olympus and decided to entrust the order of the Gods upon a select people from the planet Earth. Udyesse is the prophet of the all knowing, along with his power of stripping away, he is known to also be the epitome of pain and suffrage, also being able to control time. On his search to destroy Zeus, he finds that even Zeus has a plan to destroy him, for Udyesse knows nothing about the people of earth. Zeus placed the order of power from a good number of Gods in their territory's where he would choose the earthlings to find them. Udyesse with the plan to end all inhabitants is also collecting more power. After the great Zeus hid the stones of power in their designated locations, he contacted his trustworthy new leaders before the Omega rules. List of Main God Inhabitants  Spoiler Aphrodite - Goddess of beauty, love, desire, sexual pleasure Apollo - God of music, art, knowledge, archery Ares - God of war, bloodshed, violence Artemis - Virgin Goddess of hunting, wilderness, animals, plague Athena - Goddess of intelligence, skill, peace, warfare, strategy, handicrafts and wisdom Demeter - Goddess of grain, agriculture, harvest, growth Dionysus - God of wine, parties, festivals, madness, chaos, drunkenness, drugs, ecstasy Hades - King of the underworld, and the dead, and God of regret Hephaestus - Crippled God of fire, metalworking, craft Hera - Queen of the Gods, Goddess of marriage Hermes - God of boundaries, travel, communication, trade, language, writing Poseidon - God of the sea, rivers, floods, droughts, and earthquakes Zeus - King and father of Gods, God of sky, weather, thunder, lightning, law, order, and justice Everyone will be able to create their own power but depending on what God spirit you inherited, should really reflect your character. You are also free to research any Greek God that isn't in the spoiler (that makes sense) and inherit their powers if I approve. You also have the power to choose from either a God, Inherited Warrior, or Titan. Character Sheet Name Age Class (God, Warrior, Titan) Inheritance (EX: Ares, God of War) Morale (Good or Bad) Power (For now you are limited to 3, until i decide a point system on how to upgrade) Territory (EX: God of sea, sea) Appearance Weapon Bio Extra Be creative, with your power. Make sure there not too insane. Warriors are to be stationed in a Gods territory. Titans as well. A4 RP Rules are enforced! 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
