http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?119803-Best-Romance-Anime-Series!!
 Best Romance Anime Series!!
 Any good Romance Anime series???? 
 Hmmm.. I would recommend Toradora.. It has a pretty nice storyline.. but if you want a bit of "slice of life", Clannad would be better.. 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLexgOxsZu0
 try out: love hina seikon no qwaser mahou sensei negima 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured try out: love hina seikon no qwaser mahou sensei negima WTF seikon no qwaser isnt romance thats just plain ecchi and the sick kind too 0_0!!??!! 
 Mmm try Saikano if you like romance with a sad yet happy kind of ending. 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews  Spoiler 
 I'm fairly sure I saw you say in another thread that you had seen Kanon 2006 and Clannad so you might have seen Air but if you haven't I highly suggest that. Also you should watch Kimi ni Todoke and Toradora! 
 Originally Posted by Baronichi Unless it's incest I don't care.. Originally Posted by Baronichi If you quote me on that I'll f***ing rape you. 
 Good ol' Fushigi Yuugi. Much as I held it back, tears ran down my cheek at the final episode. You have to watch the whole thing to appreciate the ending though. You could also try Ayashino Ceres or anything else of Yuu Watase's that was animated. True Tears was very good too. Those are the only ones on top of my mind right now... Sorry I couldn't help more. 
Lovely sig & ava set by Hyde-samaA proud member of the HunterXHunter Club: Genei Ryodan Division  Spoiler don't click this link...
 Originally Posted by Nakimi I'm fairly sure I saw you say in another thread that you had seen Kanon 2006 and Clannad so you might have seen Air but if you haven't I highly suggest that. Also you should watch Kimi ni Todoke and Toradora! haha yes ur correct i hav watched clannad and kanon 2006 and ya ive watched air too although i didnt like the ending that much :/ and ya i rlly liked toradora! although i wish it had a dubbed version 0_0!! I wonder if the will dub it hmmm 0_0??? Originally Posted by Haruki-kun Good ol' Fushigi Yuugi. Much as I held it back, tears ran down my cheek at the final episode. You have to watch the whole thing to appreciate the ending though. You could also try Ayashino Ceres or anything else of Yuu Watase's that was animated. True Tears was very good too. Those are the only ones on top of my mind right now... Sorry I couldn't help more. haha no problamo and thanx and ya true tears looked rlly good i just wish they had a dubbed version lol ^-^?! 
 Last edited by AoX; 05-01-2011 at 12:42 AM. Reason: Triple posting. Please refrain from doing that. 
 Bokura Ga Ita-Slice of Life Kimi No Todoke-Slice of Life Kiss x Sis-Ecchi Lovely Complex-Slice of Life The World of Narue-Scifi Princess Tutu-Dance Seto No Hanayome-Comedy Wedding Peach-Shoujo Clannad/After Story-Slice of Life D.N.Angel-Shoujo Elfen Lied-Gore Eureka Seven-Mecha Fate/stay Night-Action Fruits Basket-Slice of Life Gravitation-Shounen Ai Ichigo 100%-Ecchi Inuyasha-Action Kaichou Wa Maid-sama!-Comedy Kanokon-Ecchi Karin-Comedy Maburaho-Comedy Magikano-Comedy Mahoraba:Heartful Days-Slice of Life Mahoromatic-Comedy Maria-sama Ga Miteru-Shoujo Ai Nanaka 6/17-Comedy Onegai Teacher-Comedy Ookami-san to Shichinin no Nakamatchi-Parody Peach Girl-Drama Romeo x Juliet-Fantasy Shakugan no Shana-Action Suzuka-Slice of Life This Ugly Yet Beautiful World-Scifi Toradora!-Comedy Cresent Love-Comedy 
 Toradora!, Angel Beats!, Kaichou Wa Maid-sama, Elfen Lied, Blood+, Tsubasa Chronicles and Paradise Kiss 
 Hana Yori Dango. There is also an awesome live action of this anime. 
 FLCL "If we all get wet, we won't be scared"  Spoiler 
 everyone here is saying the same thing over and over again... heres one that isnt even on that list Lyric posted... Zero no Tsukaima ("The Famliar of Zero")... i don't think this can be considered a spoiler since its pretty much a genre synopsis? guy gets summoned to a different world that has a caste system (aristocrats - high class, plebians - low class), and the world deals heavily in magic and swordfighting... There is an AMAZING subplot of the romance between the two main characters, which i completely LOVE (its actually a plot of its own, and it goes through all three seasons, dealing with how neither one can actually confess their love for each other) i would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a good romance 
 Originally Posted by seanmcg182 everyone here is saying the same thing over and over again... heres one that isnt even on that list Lyric posted... Zero no Tsukaima ("The Famliar of Zero")... i don't think this can be considered a spoiler since its pretty much a genre synopsis? guy gets summoned to a different world that has a caste system (aristocrats - high class, plebians - low class), and the world deals heavily in magic and swordfighting... There is an AMAZING subplot of the romance between the two main characters, which i completely LOVE (its actually a plot of its own, and it goes through all three seasons, dealing with how neither one can actually confess their love for each other) i would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a good romance Y I have to agree with you on this Anime Series I too loved the romance in it although I havent tried watching the second series yet because the first season was a little boring and the dub wasnt that great but from what you just said I guess ill hav to keep watching it ^_^ 
 
 OH **** NO!.... DO NOT WATCH THE DUB! from experience, i have learned that when an anime is translated, the majority of sexual innuendos are cut out, which makes this series FREAKING HILARIOUS... even if you dont like subtitles... this is an anime that you need to make an exception for 
 Hakushahu to Yousei Chornon Crusade Daa! Daa! Daa! Detective Loki Flame of Recca Itazura na Kiss Lovely Complex Pretear 
PcSweet26
 Toradora, Kimi no Todoke, Zero no Tsukaima, and Kaichou no maid-sama. There are other animes/mangas that I can't think of right now, so too bad. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 I would say, Kaichou Wa Maid-Sama(: 
 Annyeongsayo~ 
 I like Honey and Clover myself. It's a little more understated, a little more melancholy than some of the other things mentioned here, but the situations are rather relatable, the humor is pretty funny, and the art's quite lovely. I don't believe there's a dub for it, though. 
A Little About Me | AnimePlanet | My AMVs | "Tell me that the night is long, Tell me that the moon is glowing. Fill my glass, I'll sing a song, And we'll start the music flowing!..." 
 Maison Ikkoku Lovely Complex Orange Road Touch Paradise Kiss Rec Revolutionary Girl Utena. 
 
 You should try Air or Chrono Crusade they're both great series 

 Kaichou Wa Maid-Sama Shuffle! Ah! my Goddess Elfen lied is what i can think of atm 
 -These Are my Feelings- Fate Testarossa [654 Anime] [ 27 Movies ] [272 Watched] [7 Ongoing] [All legal Bluray or Dvd]
 I LOVE Clannad (obviously...) So far I think other good romance anime series are: -Chobits -Junjou Romantica -Yosuga no Sora (that's more of a mature anime as well) 
 <3
 Originally Posted by Chronos #13 Hmmm.. I would recommend Toradora.. It has a pretty nice storyline.. but if you want a bit of "slice of life", Clannad would be better.. I agree that Clannad was good. I thoroughly enjoyed it all te way through until it got to the after story. The afterstory wasn't necceasarily bad but it hit me hard and had me kinda sad about it for a while. I was just hoping for a better ending 
 If your wanting an anime that avoids fantasy (aliens, monsters, space journey,etc.) then try Myself; Yourself. It's a bit older but I really enjoyed it. Its defidentaly one of the tops on my list. 
 I don't really know any romance animes that don't have any action in it, im so lame but I do know some pretty good romance manga :3 [ Romance Manga ] Peach Girl Papillion [ so awesome ] Kitchen Princess Crimson Hero Full Moon Wo Sagashite 
 And I've seen your flag on the marble arch, and love is not a victory march, it's a cold and it's a broken halleujah. 
