http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154746-Hitsugi-no-Chaika/page5
[Fantasy] Hitsugi no Chaika - Page 5
 Chaika is a really great show, you shouldn't judge it on appearances. 

 I'm sure each of us are different in many ways. *sigh* 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Sometimes I wonder why anyone would respond to him. 
 
 Saboteur dive/underwater gear makes its appearance. Niva and Chaika have such cute speech patterns. Ursula is still wearing that skimpy clothing? Cyril has quite the sexy island partner, then. Toru and his one on one time with Chaika...it really does seem like he favors her. Bummer, Red Chaika posse is action paction as always. Oh...oh no...what's happened to our Gillete?! He's so...cold. Niva and Chaika have lovely conversations imo. Nooo! Amnesia, ofc that played out cliche is used even more. What a rescue, Guy. Niva and Guy. Sitting in a tree. K. I. S. S. I. N. G. Good episode! 
 Never trust GUY. Also Gillette...wtf happened bro? I guess Vivi will be Vivi for now...she refuse to Acknowledge her Chaika blood so she receives no color. 

 Didn't get to finish the episode because my dog was demanding that I go to bed. But here's a couple mealtime pics for ya'll... 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 It seems that I have forgotten who Shin exactly was. Gaz was like The Joker with that insane smile he had at the time of his death. lol Niva is just like "Whaaaa?" to everything. New Chaika! Black appears to be her color, and she's also a manipulator of sorts. Akari swings that warhammer like a boss, she's also pretty lewd. xD You're the best. The Council of Allied Nations is split, but stuff is going to go down hard from all that foreshadowing. I wonder what Red Chaika will fight? Maybe that Spearman ally of hers might die? Toru and Chaika have great ranged and melee synergy, while Fredrica and Akari are just savage brawlers. Good resolve, Chaika! Go get 'em you two. 
 Iirc shin appeared in toru's flashback about his merchant crush? Or akari's about her childhood with toru. I remember seeing him once only, training toru on rock climbing 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 No torches for the Vivi and Nikolai? Akari and Fredrica, you're being followed! I hope it's an ally. A handsome and once noble man like Hartgen fell prey to the seductive enticement of an minor? Are we trying to write a proper plot here or a loli hentai? HAHA, wow look at this Power Ranger/Super Sentai Chaika platoon! Oh no...Vivi is about to meet our Fallen Captain. Damn, Vivi swung that heavy Buster Sword like it was nothing despite her small figure. Ruh roh, Fredrica just got KO'ed and now Akari's alone with all these men...again...god damn it. What a low ending, but that just means a huge high is about to come! I think Toru will finally turn into a Dragoon Cavalier, just to beat Shin and save Chaika. 
 Toru needs to hurry up and make that contract. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 He has made one huge mistake for each one second of not being her cavalier since the moment Frederica joined the team. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Are you guys serious? Do you not understand the concept of "saving the best for last" or any other theme similar to Chekhov's Gun? 
 I think Akari and Fredrica where either being Followed by Shin, or one of the puppets, at least thats who I figured was following them. Also Red Chaika quit real easily, I wish we knew her full plan for getting the remains besides her explanation of "Revenge" The one thing I didnt like was GIllette. Was he brain washed? Was he under a spell? Who knows, but at least  Spoiler SLICING his hand off brought him back to normal... 

 Selma got roughed up, possibly sexually assaulted. Red Chaika, will this be her time to find a new meaning for herself? Optical camouflage magic, very useful and cool. Much Ghost Recon. Medical magic to the rescue, what doesn't magic do in this world? DAMN Hartgen, yous a cold mother****er. The throne room is so dark, would it kill Hartgen to light the place up? The Black Chaika makes her appearance...on a floating throne? EW SHE'S LIKE A SCYLLA. I CALLED IT. I KNEW WHO GUY EXACTLY WAS. It feels good to be prophetic. Yeah, the truth hurts eh Chaika? The Emperor is a spectacular, overpowered as hell villain who's been with us from the start...I like how he's enough of a bamf to have a foothold in the outer atmosphere. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Guy = Gaz Eh? Maybe, maybe not? Originally Posted by Shmuser Name I mean it as Guy is Gaz when he was younger. Don't Gaz and Guy have the same eye color? Feels good to put the pieces together early on. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Feels good to put the pieces together early on. You nailed it there XD 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Wow...that Black Chaika Moment...disgusting...there was some bone structure that came out of her as well, what the hell was that? And now what we wanted, all parties teaming up to take down Gaz...lives will be lost, hold onto your feels ladies and gentlemen. 

 Wow...I didnt realize until the end that this WAS the last episode, and I gotta say I am severely disappointed.  Spoiler They dont even show red chaika finishing black Chaika off, Gaz's death was really simple, and White Chaika dying and then returning back to life made no sense at all. A great series but a terrible ending. 

 I think the show was awesome, as in great build up and plot twist but the ending were really anti-climatic.  Spoiler For a second, I thought Toru shot out a blade from his crotch when he killed Shin. 
 - My Anime List
 That was super-rushed. Disappointed we didn't see much of toru fighting the new dad/son(?), and the aftermath story of what really happen to each of them.... 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 The eye trembling...does Toru feel like he's just a tool as well? Black Chaika has legs?! Well the contract/Chekhov's Gun finally came into play but it's kind of gross. The plot build up to Gaz's reveal was done decently, but now the anime is just flinging loads of stuff int our face like how Gaz has satellite "Guys" set up ****ing everywhere in the atmosphere. Dragoon Cavalier > Saboteur NIKOLAI CANNOT DIE...cookie if you got the reference. Red Chaika ****ing drop-kicked Black Chaika in the face, too badass. Using the Force is cheating, Gaz. Good to know you're on the right side, Niva. One shot was all it took...? Well, that, and Chaika losing something very precious to her. So Niva is just locked away...? Toru gets a shitty harem ending? Whatever, these ten episodes were pretty darn entertaining! The resolution to the plot was underwhelming and just bland imo. I really do appreciate how good this anime is though. The battles, the music, the world's lore and mechanics was also quite interesting. Especially the magic and magical beasts. As for the really lackluster romance of this anime, here's some food for thought: Toru gets Akari super pregnant after the two firmly assert their mutual affection, and the couple raises their children and Chaika together happily in the future. Red Chaika gets some Gary Sue to **** her, whatever, who cares. Gillette and Vivi also spend the rest of their days in a loving relationship and become quite the ass-kicking duo. 
