http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159904-Top-5-Anime-you-would-like-me-to-watch-(-Trying-for-a-huge-list-here)-xp
[Anime] Top 5 Anime you would like me to watch...( Trying for a huge list here) xp
 Eventually my anime list is going to run out soon... so if you mate have some time Tell me the top 5 anime so amazing that you would like to share with other... i Want The best list ever. 
 These are not in an order of 1 is best.. These are just 5 of my absolute favourites that I always have (since I watched them) and always will recomend, 1 - Fairy Tail, kinda popular now, I think it is sorta mainstream but I am not too sure.. But this is an incredible anime in my opinion.. It has (for me) been consistently good and has got better and better! If you haven't seen it, check it out! Fantasy, Action, Comedy, Adventure, Wizards/mages, Demons, This probably is my out right favourite anime :P But this list isn't in order 2 - Hajime no Ippo - The first Sports anime I ever watched and quickly became one of my favourites!! If you haven't tried sports anime before, let this be your first1 It won't let ya down (Included in my Name :P ) Sports, Boxing, Comedy, Action, Shounen (I think) 3 - Highschool of the Dead - Short 13 episode anime. For me this anime was HIGHLY entertaining! Has everything I love in it! Comedy, action, tension and a bit more :P Action, some comedy, intense, zombies, highschool 4 - Kuroko No Basket - Recently watched the first 2 seasons and started season 3 when it started, still being aired. This is just an incredible anime! I am not the best at explaining but it kept making me want to watch the next episode! Just.. Give it a try!! Sport, basketball, Comedy, Action 5 - Katekyo Hitman Reborn! - This is an absolutely amazing anime that everyone should watch imo, Characters are a little cliche but thats what makes anime good. This for me is one of my favourites. Again was an anime that made me watch ep and ep.. Getting to bed qutie late was common I also based my name on here on this anime :P Action, Comedy, Fantasy, Mafia I haven't given much about the story away as I don't want to give any spoilers! enjoy! Let me know what you think. 
 { All Credit for this goes to Raffee }
 Naruto No game no life Black Butler Durarara Maria Holic 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 no game no life ( top anime on my list )  Spoiler the blue exorcist  Spoiler black bullet  Spoiler mirrai niki  Spoiler nanatsu no taizai  Spoiler 
 Sword art online Robotech Puella magi madoka magica Selector infected/spread wixoss Familiar of zero 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Off course that have to be in this list 1.Evangelion 2.Gumdam Wing 3.Hellsing 4.Animatrix 5.Gumdam 00 Remember that you can find more of this wonderfull world in the Facebook fan page https://www.facebook.com/a4animeforums 
 1. One Piece 2. Hunter x Hunter (2011) 3. Steins;Gate 4. Code Geass 5. Psycho-pass Because it's worth mentioning: 6. Death Note 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack 1. One Piece 2. Hunter x Hunter (2011) 3. Steins;Gate 4. Code Geass 5. Psycho-pass Because it's worth mentioning: 6. Death Note Nice. I'd swap out hunter x hunter for FMA brotherhood though. No offence (: 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Sailor moon Clannad Blue drop Shaman king Digimon 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 mekaku city actors noragami (its getting a dub this year) Tactics Btooom Hakuouki 

 Originally Posted by jugger Nice. I'd swap out hunter x hunter for FMA brotherhood though. No offence (: Thanks. An opinion is an opinion. There is no offence. I haven't seen FMA though so I wouldn't know. I'm saving it for a rainy day. 
 Google top 10..... Or 5 anime by year look for everybodys top lists and pick the repeated ones thats how i started. now i just pick promising shows from the season charts and wait for 4 or 5 shows everyone ends up talking about, to end...... As for my picks i'll use ones people dont talk about much 1 Desert punk...i watched Dub 2 Tonari no seki-kun (ps. Only 12, 7min eps) i watched Sub 3 Abenobashi.... I watched Sub (ps. Dub is ear rape) 4 Mitsudomoe... I watched Sub 5 Welcome to the NHK... I watched Dub 6 Kotoura-san...i watched Sub ( because 2 is short) All are grade A shows except mitsudomoe thats more of a love it or fill a little uncomfortable kind of show. And because i like breaking the rules also watch "Golden boy" that is if your man enough. 
 Last edited by MantaRay; 02-03-2015 at 08:43 AM. 
 I pity the person who doesn't watch the following(in no specific order) : Inuyasha+Inuyasha the Final Act The Legend of Condor Hero Overview/review: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...or-Hero-review The Twelve Kingdoms Kingdom Overview/review: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...omplete-series) Kemono no souja erin overview/review: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-no-Souja-Erin 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Except for Fairy Tail High school of the death Naruto Mirrai niki Sao Familiar of zero One piece Hunter x hunter Clannad Btoom! Since i watched it ... Added the rest to watch list! :3 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Thanks. An opinion is an opinion. There is no offence. I haven't seen FMA though so I wouldn't know. I'm saving it for a rainy day. Just my automated clarification and precaution. It's a pain to reply to flaming posts >_< Keep the lists safe. Happy watching ! 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 This is of course biased by my own opinions but I think the "Slayers" series is a good watch. It is an older show but still good. I would also recommend Bakuman and Sket Dance. One of my personal favorites is Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple although not a lot of people seem to agree with me on this one. To make five I would add Zero no Tsukaima (The Familar of Zero) which is a sappy romance disguised as a Harem/Comedy. Some call it ecchi but it is very mild ecchi. 

 Originally Posted by Finfan This is of course biased by my own opinions but I think the "Slayers" series is a good watch. It is an older show but still good. I would also recommend Bakuman and Sket Dance. One of my personal favorites is Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple although not a lot of people seem to agree with me on this one. To make five I would add Zero no Tsukaima (The Familar of Zero) which is a sappy romance disguised as a Harem/Comedy. Some call it ecchi but it is very mild ecchi. Shocked, what no Hikaru no Go. Slayers, and Kenichi, really? Atleast suggest Yu Yu Kakusho, after suggesting the epicness that is Hikaru no Go ofcourse. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 These are not my personal top five but rather a bunch of anime I feel any anime enthusiast should watch. 1. Cowboy Bebop: This should go without saying. Bebop is a show that is basically impossible to dislike Combining light hearted space adventure with neo noir in perfect symbiosis to form a show that's fun for everyone. Now not everyone agrees that it's the greatest show evar. Me being of that opnion for starters. But at the very least it's one hell of a ride. Also don't forget to check out the movie as it's as good as some of the show best episodes. 2. Samurai X - Trust & Betrayal: Chanbara is a very popular manga genre but in anime you rarely see it done right. Which is what makes this movie so damn good. It's a classic tale of love and revenge in the vein of Akira Kurosawa's work. Laden with deep themes and rich dilaogues while also never skimping on the action. A deep moving film and an unforgettable masterpiece that proves that not all Samurai anime has to be dumb action. 3. Serial Experiments - Lain: Anime, especially anime made for tv, for the better part of the 90s was mostly seen as a form of entertainment and soemthing that was by and large for children and teenagers. However all that changed with this show that proved once and for all that anime can also be an art form. It's incredibly smart, well written and even to this day is virtually unmathced in terms of it's visuals. It's not something that's easy to understand and you may need several viewings to really get it but it is very much worth watching as not only did it almost single handedly launch the avant garde genre. It also still stands as one of the finest anime of it's kind. 4. Neon Genesis Evangelion: The show that redefined the mech genre. No more blocky Gundam thingies and light hearted adventure. Suddenly mech anime could be used to tell an intelligent and thought provoking story. The show is heavilly flawed however as it moves from a sincere shonen series to lighthearted comedy to conspiracy thriller to psychological mind****. And while others of it's sort such as for instance RahXephon or to a lesser extend Lain have surpassed it. Those shows wouldn't have existed had NGE not lain the ground work, 5. Ghost in the Shell - the 1995 movie: This is a somewhat more personal recommendation as this movie is why I first got into anime in the first place. But then I am not alone as this was one of the films to popularize anime in the west. But more than that it also happens to be one of the finest cyberpunk action thrillers out there. And not just in terms of anime. Visually too this movie is among the best there are So much so even that the Wachowski borhters sought to recreate it for their own movie The Matrix. And if you thought that was a thought provking film. Wait till you see Ghost in the Shell. It's Blade Runner but smarter and deeper and anime. 
 Last edited by Kerberos; 02-04-2015 at 07:22 AM. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
