http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151456-Mahouka-Koukou-no-Rettousei
[Supernatural] Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei
 According to the Dengeki Bunko Fall Festival event on Sunday, an anime adaptation of light novel series Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei has been green-lit for production. Magic” is a product of neither legends nor fairy tales. It has become a technology of reality for nearly a century. Various countries in the world are locked in a race in nurturing “Magicians.” Shiba Tatsuya is an honors student without magic capability at First High School, a magic high school along with his sister who happens to the top student among the freshmen. What will happen to him, and how will he live his school life where he is one of the many reserves in the school looked down upon by the chosen magical students? Source:http://seiyuusokuhou.blog106.fc2.com...ntry-7303.html 
  Spoiler 
 Looks interesting! I'll keep an eye out for this one. "The Poor Performing Student of a Magic High School". 
 Last edited by Ned; 10-06-2013 at 01:03 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 damn that actually looks like it could be really good. im gonna look into this one for sure 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 OMG i just started reading the light novel and they already trying to adapting it into anime? cool! this will be one of my anticipated title to watch! the title reminds me of an earlier series i read as manga, mx0, the difference is that the series try to push an idea about how "talent mean nothing when not backed with wit, especially in practical application of techniques and skills" while mx0 just trying to be funny about how a guy without magical aptitude by fluke survive the harsh environment of a magical academy full of magics. a magically adept grade A magician sister and the quick-witted grade D magician brother with ability to improvise. ah i can see the foreshadow of sibling conflict LOL 
 Hiruma Yoichi, Eyeshield21. Manga, Volume 37 (last).
 PV is out, and this show will be airing this coming month for the spring season! Plus an ANN article here... http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news...cond-ad-posted 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned PV is out, and this show will be airing this coming month for the spring season! Plus an ANN article here... http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news...cond-ad-posted The only question I still have left is how much of the story will the Anime cover ? 
  Spoiler 
 3rd PV out... This show is almost ready to air! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned 3rd PV out... This show is almost ready to air! So even in the Anime the brother has a siscon and the sister has a brocon 
  Spoiler 
 The new OreImo with magic and Ayase as the female mc. This is gonna be good. 
 
 Its actually a pretty decent anime so far with a strong male lead (I have grown tired of the "Kira Yamato" weak willed complex) and it seems to have a balance that slightly moves it away from the typical harem. I'm pretty sure it will be a harem concept but the storyline and characters all seem watchable. 
 I really liked the first episode. I think this could be a really good show but man I don't like the relationship between the brother and sister. It makes me so uncomfortable that I could drop this in a few episodes 
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 I really liked the first episode. I think this could be a really good show but man I don't like the relationship between the brother and sister. It makes me so uncomfortable that I could drop this in a few episodes A good chunk of anime titles out there uses the taboo of potential incest. Since a very small percentage of these titles actually have the brother and sister "go all the way" and many throw in the "not related by blood" subjects its easy to look beyond it for those that know its just anime and not real life. That said, for each its own and anime that one person likes might be atrocious for others so give it a couple more episodes like you said, you never know, it might turn out good. 
 Originally Posted by ZeRoGravity The new OreImo with magic and Ayase as the female mc. This is gonna be good. Haha I really like this post the characters very much share similar looks (Doesn't bother me one bit I love Oreimo) Back to the topic, I really liked the first episode it has done well to set up some establishing ground with having a few character introductions. The animation is very good and I am intrigued by the overall setting of the show. I have high hopes for this and look forward to the next episode. 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 I looked at the cast before checking it out, and I was like "Wow, this is a great cast" So I wanted to see if they lived up to expectations, and they didn't disappoint. I was very happy with the first episode. 

 I love this show. But I hate Miyuki already. She just reminds me of Kirino with her sibling jealousy. Which is crazy cause I usually love anyone played by Saori. But my favorites are probably Erika, Watanabe, and Saegusa. 

 I just finished episode 4 and I love this show. I feel that it's going To really take off and get some really exciting villains. Btw I completely take back what I posted earlier. I've gotten over the whole brother sister thing 
 I was not expecting for this series to be so good. Probably one of the best shows for 2014 for me. The brosis thing took the seriousness out of the anime just a little bit, nevertheless I was fine with that. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I mean after watching loads of harem/slice of life shows etc the bro sis thing really doesn't bother me and I feel it has needed to take these four episodes to slowly ease us into the the setting, the main character and as of episode 4 the potential threats to said characters. I like this show and have some high hopes to keep me entertained for a while, I love the opening track as well as it has a similar sounding feel to that of Sword Art Online's opening. 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 This is a magical anime?? I'll have to check it out some time. I like oriemo so any of that type of stuff isn't a problem for me. And your right that one character looks like a clone of that one from oriemo. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Dont trust the Kendo club lol. Idk it's tough to think who is good and who is Evil. Go back to episode one and Tatsuya did have some kind of resentment towards Shibata because she could see what his powers were. Def cant trust Juumonji, dude is a monster lol. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Dont trust the Kendo club lol. Idk it's tough to think who is good and who is Evil. Go back to episode one and Tatsuya did have some kind of resentment towards Shibata because she could see what his powers were. Def cant trust Juumonji, dude is a monster lol. Yeah the Kendo club is plotting something, well their president might have selfish reasons. Mibu is totally being controlled by that guy. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 One of the golden successes this season. The light novels and manga are being rewarded well through the adaptation. The magical implementation, such as the teargas reversal used in the latest episode, is incredible interesting. I also ship the wincest hard. The MC and supporting cast are very likable, and I'm enjoying the political side of the school's student body. I had to dig up some research on the main characters though, I hated being out of the loop for the first few eps and checked out the wiki and people's friendly information regarding the light novels and manga. I'm all set, cuz. To me personally, the entire gist of a Weed supporting radical group is silly. 
 The MC rubs off as another Kirito and I keep calling him Kirito #2. I'm still watching it, I'n gonna give it to ep 6 before I call it quits coz so far it's disappointing me. 
"The tragedy of being an underachiever is that I know what I should be, but reality keeps telling me that I'm wrong."
 He's cooler then Kirito in my opinion, Kirito was a whiny baby, Tatsuya at least keeps his cool in tense situations. 

 i fugging hate the incest or the Miyuki/Tatsuya relationship whateva you call it... 

