http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Emily The man who had shot her didn't seem to reach when she kept herself away from him. She was still unsure of what he was going to do, but after the short moment in time, he stood up. He grabbed the keys off one of the mafia men he had shot and started unlocking doors. He went into one only to come back immediately later and began looking at all the bottles that were scattered on the table. Picking some up and dropping others, he found what he was looking for, picked up some bandages and returned to the room. Emily slowly crawled her way and peaked around the door. The man who shot her was administering first aid. Not the best first aid, but first aid nonetheless. The prisoners inside got up, began to walk, and seemed to be feeling better. Better enough to be able to leave on their own at the very least. Once everyone was conscious and on their feet, the man who shot her, Luminary, left the room. Emily jumped back out of the way as he exited continuing to the next room over and continued to awaken and rescue everyone. Soon Luminary had gotten everyone to leave the cells and were gathered in the halls. Emily found her self a part of the group. Still keeping her distance from Luminary, she at least felt that she would be getting away from this place thanks to his help. Luminary stood in the front near the entrance to the warehouse and had informed everyone that they were free, and that the police were on their way. Soon after speaking, the door had opened. Some of the victim's first thought it was the police here to help them, but it became apparent that this was not the case quickly afterward. A man dressed in odd clothes stood at the entrance a crowd of others following him. With a menacing voice, this man sent an order to "kill them all". The followers behind him thus began to charge forward. Luminary didn't have much time to pull out his crossbows, fending off the hoard in hand to hand combat. As he did his best, others from the zombified group went around him into the crowd. Many of rescued screamed as the zombified followers attacked them. It was easy when Luminary had to take care of the mafia because they were all coming after him, so he only needed to watch his own back, but now that these zombified followers were attacking the crowd, he had to watch everyone's back. As Luminary pushed his attackers onto each other causing them all to fall down, he ran back to the crowd and pulled away the first attacker he could. Standing closer to the crowd they ran back down into the hall where their cells were kept, tripping over each other. Luminary became the stopper at the bottle neck entrance, one against sixteen. Without his sleeper darts, and being piled, he was unable to keep them out and again the zombified followers entered the crowd of the kidnapped. Emily herself was pushed down as one of the older girls fell over her in an attempt to escape. She was still obviously weak from when she was drugged. One of the zombified followers then jumped on top of her into the pile. He scratched at the girl on top of Emily. As more people were defending themselves or running in the tight hallway, Emily managed to shuffle her way out. Tripping again and tumbling back into the pharmaceutical room at the end of the hall, the only clear area, Emily managed to pick herself back up as a couple of the zombified followers also fell in. It was only at this point Emily noticed their zombified state. They ran for Emily. Emily ran away, but in the dead end room, she was not able to get around the two followers and they grabbed her. One held onto her while the other tried to wrap his hands around her neck. She kicked at the man keeping him away enough, but his persistence made it difficult for her to keep at it. The man she had been kicking at had grabbed her leg, pulled, and grabbed her neck with his other hand. Except now his hand had frozen over. With unexplained reasoning, the followers fingers and palm had iced over, and Emily had escaped out of the other followers grip. They both turned and watched Emily as she ran out into the hall. Giving chase the two followers could not find her in the crowd. Luminary had regained his footing and was doing his best to keep the mindless men from causing any more harm. For some unknown reason, Emily found herself right next to Luminary's side, Holding onto him as if looking for protection. Emily stepped back in surprise, she was not here only a second ago. Nonetheless, he was the only person here who was helping. Confused but still scared, Emily stayed there with Luminary, hoping for safety. Edmond The sounds of the helicopter and the guns it was using to punch holes in the building was obvious. Looking out a nearby window, shards of glass and broken bits of metal fell like rain as the helicopter had fired into the Varrion Building. The helicopter was heavily built Edmond noticed. What Edmond did notice the most was the equipment it used. The coil-guns were a side affect from Heidis use of energy transfer. Served no purpose in power plants, but had huge military value. Knowing that if they had modified to to penetrate the defensive walls of the Varrion building, Edmond had to leave. If it had to, Edmond knew he could defend against ash, but they were becoming more reckless with their equipment. The thieves were certainly in a go hard or go home mentality. Besides, the building didn't have any of the information he needed, yet. Walking down the same set of stairs he entered from he discovered the lobby became a standoff. The vault destruction up top, and the mercenary gun fight down at bottom, Edmond was stuck if he wanted to avoid confrontation. He paused in thought, he could camp with the hostages until a time came where he could escape. He closed his eyes. Upon further thought, he would not put it passed them that they might start murdering them as well. But then again, if the Varrion company was as shady as he expected there were more possibilities. Opening his eyes, he figured that some of the more secret holders would be found with them. If the one puny employee he met in the bar one day knew the password to the entire financial client database within the company building... Walking back up the stairs, Edmond considered where they might be keeping the hostages. He chuckled to himself that perhaps he should have paid more attention to the activities the thieves were doing. 
 Last edited by Randoms; Yesterday at 03:45 AM. Reason: Grammar editing 
  Spoiler 
