http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?139063-Fairy-Tail-Does-it-get-better
 [Fairy Tail] Does it get better?
 I've been reading alot of good things about Fairy Tail lately. It gets compared with the other long shounen alot, like Naruto, One Piece, and Bleach. I notice alot of people favor it out the bunch though. I watched around 20 episodes I think when it first came out, then I dropped it. The 2 main reasons was, 1: at the end of each episode the main character used the same one move to defeat the enemy and 2: a few of the episodes felt like filler. Now I did like alot of the characters and the main premise of the story. I felt like it did have some potential. So I'm wondering does the combat get more advanced and how bad are the fillers now that the series has been out awhile? 

 Since Fairy Tail is not an anime with one major plot, the plot changed along with the storyline, one after another, so maybe some of the episodes did feels like out-of-nowhere episodes. The combats are roughly the same, old moves being reused, but as always, some new moves are added into the fray, mostly finishing moves though. The latest story arc offer more variety of moves in combats since it involves a lot of new character and new strength after the time skip. I myself enjoy this anime a lot, and I don't see why you shouldn't re-watch this anime. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 Cool, thanx for the advice. 

 I watched Fairy Tail till episode 130 , and i liked only 2 arcs : the Phantom arc and Laxus arc and i must say they were really cool. But i see often in fairy tail the same phrases as ,, I will burn you up to ... ,, get annoying after a while and as you said the mc use the same attacks. Overall i would give it only 7/10 , because many fillers at least 30 were fillers and i dont wanna spoil to much but where i stoped wathing FT was when they did the timeskip... 
 
 Mangaka know how to draw sexy girls with amazing boobs, yet don't know much about developing a solid story... 
myanimelist  Spoiler Originally Posted by Shadow Fox No one gets tired of One Piece...unless they are retarded gay or from some other outworldly planet in which there is a .001% chance they could contract some sorta mental disorder in which would allow them to BECOME bored of it. But that is so low it almost never happens. 
 That's pretty much how it is the entire time. Main characters gets their as*es handed to them on a silver plate, then they do a one hit KO comeback through some ridiculous nakama powerup or due to plot armour. And yeah, there are a lot of new moves that come later on (specifically in the Grand Magic Games arc) but the nakama powerups and plot armour is still there. I recommend you re-watch it though as the anime is ending, and once you've done that you can think about whether to read the manga or not. Also, I second what Swordsman said. 
 what r u smoking it is totally epic from the first episode on 
 Originally Posted by gubica66 I watched Fairy Tail till episode 130 , and i liked only 2 arcs : the Phantom arc and Laxus arc and i must say they were really cool. But i see often in fairy tail the same phrases as ,, I will burn you up to ... ,, get annoying after a while and as you said the mc use the same attacks. Overall i would give it only 7/10 , because many fillers at least 30 were fillers and i dont wanna spoil to much but where i stoped wathing FT was when they did the timeskip... Yes, your right they always use the same phrases again and again. i get shivers down my spine every time they say the same thing. Im actually losing interest in it, but am still watching it. also they talk about friendship quite alot which is sometimes annoying. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by DrexzKrisNA Yes, your right they always use the same phrases again and again. i get shivers down my spine every time they say the same thing. Im actually losing interest in it, but am still watching it. also they talk about friendship quite alot which is sometimes annoying. don't u care about friendship r u an antisocial person 
 Fairy Tail for me is one of the best anime that has been created. *in spite of the negative things that you have said* 
 Originally Posted by ethemeakai don't u care about friendship r u an antisocial person Its not that am an anti - social person. Its just how i see it, that's my opinion. I have friends that i care about. sometimes i could be anti - social, because i don't really care what other people are talking about and i choose to do that. but at the end its just my opinion about Fairy Tail, its a great anime but for me it's not the best. Whats your opinion? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Manga wise it does get better in my opinion.. As for episode 174 you'll have to watch my review:  Spoiler 
http://www.youtube.com/user/henshinXIkeda?feature=mhee
 I've seen up to 146, I believe? Wherever they ended the season before the most recent. I didn't watch the newest season, though. I really enjoyed the characters, but the fillers were getting to me. Some of the arcs got really boring aswell. 

 I like Fairy Tail, for the most part. It doesn't ever grab you and make you watch, not like One Piece or Bleach's one good arc (the first one). There is nothing super compelling about it and it has very little tension but the comedy is good and it has some excellent side-characters. In fact, the other characters are the main reason why I watch it. Erza is awesome, especially during the Grand Magic Games. I also really like Cana, Juvia, Gajeel, Mirajane, Gray, Gildarts, Levy, and several others. Even the Exceeds are fun. The only person I really dislike is Natsu, who I think is a fail as a main character. 
"I teach Karate, Judo, and Sumo on the Internet. Come at me." -- Professor Ueda
 Fairy tail to be is easily the best of the mainstream manga/Anime. Its popularity seems to be climbing up to the levels of things like Naruto/Bleach/One Piece and honestly I find it a hell of alot more entertaining than any of these right now. I mean Bleach is...alright I guess but I sorta lost interest in that a long time ago. Naruto is decent and i'm enjoying the whole war arch and One piece I haven't enjoyed since the time skip last few things were terrible. Fairy tail if nothing else stays consistently good as long as you skip the filler or mentally prepare yourself for very sub par stories during it. But really this is true of any anime. It doesn't have HUGE amounts of filler (and the one after the time skip while not good was far from horrible...I enjoyed that more than the One piece after the time skip) and its main stories are fairly good. Fights don't tend to go on for DBZ like lengths of time which I enjoy and yeah while the fights are a little repetitive they are fun to watch. Characters are pretty much all likeable (I seriously cant think of any character that appears more than a few times that i dislike) and you wanna see them win. Also as it stands IMO it gets better and better as it goes on. I am really liking the current arc the manga/anime is in and its the only one of the big ones that I still read and watch (the rest I just read and One piece i'm close to stopping all together). So Keep it going it does get better and better, maybe just look up which episodes are filler and skip em....might make it more enjoyable. 
 Fairy Tail is quite confusing regarding plots, but like some of the mainstream shounen animanga, the antagonists seem like they are about to beat the main characters when they suddenly have some cheesy or 'inspiring' talk and then beat the crap out of the enemies, and the cycle repeats itself. Honestly, I actually liked Fairy Tail at the beginning, but my attachment to it gradually decreased because nothing new happens. The newest arc seems promising though, because (imo) a lot will be explained in this one. I agree with the post above me though, Fairy Tail is more entertaining than the Big 3 right now. 
 Originally Posted by Orithyea Fairy Tail is quite confusing regarding plots, but like some of the mainstream shounen animanga, the antagonists seem like they are about to beat the main characters when they suddenly have some cheesy or 'inspiring' talk and then beat the crap out of the enemies, and the cycle repeats itself. Honestly, I actually liked Fairy Tail at the beginning, but my attachment to it gradually decreased because nothing new happens. The newest arc seems promising though, because (imo) a lot will be explained in this one. I agree with the post above me though, Fairy Tail is more entertaining than the Big 3 right now. I can't say I ever really found the plot confusing unless it was supposed to be so. This could just be me but I never had to go back and re watch parts of the story because it went over my head and the times I did it was later explained better and it turned out me looking back was pointless. That could just be me but this is never an issue I did. Shounen Manga are like that...the fights are always (or many times) good guy winning, bad guy powers up, good guy finds reason to fight harder and wins. If you find that kinda thing boring then yeah probably won't like this a huge amount...But at the same time you really should expect that going in. But this is true of so many good anime...Tenga Toppa Guren Laggan comes to mind..Repeated this in pretty much every single fight (though some of the amp up speaches were fking epic in that show) DBZ did it again and again and again so do Naruto and bleach and one piece for the most part... Just how that Anime style is..Dunno how you can say thats a bad part of it...Its just that style of anime, I watch it because theres not much thinking and the fights are like that...Its a turn of brain and just enjoy anime. I dunno could just be me but my attachment grew as it went on..The arc IMO got better and better (the S class exam and the current arc imo are some of the best and they are the latest too..Though the laxus festival one is also very good and thats an earlier one) but nice to know someone agrees with me on that...I loved all 3 of the big 3 when i first watched them but they all dropped off on a huge scale. The reason I like fairy tail is because at least to me this drop off hasn't happened...not in a huge way like the big 3...I didn't watch any non filler where I just wanted it to be over so the next thing might be slightly better. Examples of these arcs from the big 3 are  Spoiler Naruto - Search for Tsunade arc...Slow boring and shes not that likable of a character for all that effort. Bleach - Pretty much everything after Aizen doing his big im evil and running away thing... better arc never came One Piece- Fishman Island, The arc after Fishman Island These to me at least were things where at most 1/2 way through I sat there hoping it would end very soon so that the next thing could start because it just wasn't very entertaining. 
 Originally Posted by RKO72 I can't say I ever really found the plot confusing unless it was supposed to be so. This could just be me but I never had to go back and re watch parts of the story because it went over my head and the times I did it was later explained better and it turned out me looking back was pointless. That could just be me but this is never an issue I did. Shounen Manga are like that...the fights are always (or many times) good guy winning, bad guy powers up, good guy finds reason to fight harder and wins. If you find that kinda thing boring then yeah probably won't like this a huge amount...But at the same time you really should expect that going in. But this is true of so many good anime...Tenga Toppa Guren Laggan comes to mind..Repeated this in pretty much every single fight (though some of the amp up speaches were fking epic in that show) DBZ did it again and again and again so do Naruto and bleach and one piece for the most part... Just how that Anime style is..Dunno how you can say thats a bad part of it...Its just that style of anime, I watch it because theres not much thinking and the fights are like that...Its a turn of brain and just enjoy anime. I dunno could just be me but my attachment grew as it went on..The arc IMO got better and better (the S class exam and the current arc imo are some of the best and they are the latest too..Though the laxus festival one is also very good and thats an earlier one) but nice to know someone agrees with me on that...I loved all 3 of the big 3 when i first watched them but they all dropped off on a huge scale. The reason I like fairy tail is because at least to me this drop off hasn't happened...not in a huge way like the big 3...I didn't watch any non filler where I just wanted it to be over so the next thing might be slightly better. Examples of these arcs from the big 3 are  Spoiler Naruto - Search for Tsunade arc...Slow boring and shes not that likable of a character for all that effort. Bleach - Pretty much everything after Aizen doing his big im evil and running away thing... better arc never came One Piece- Fishman Island, The arc after Fishman Island These to me at least were things where at most 1/2 way through I sat there hoping it would end very soon so that the next thing could start because it just wasn't very entertaining. While I agree with most of what you said I have to disagree with you with your one piece arc  Spoiler Of course it's entirely personal opinion, I quite liked the Fishman Island arc. It was the first arc when you get to see the crew use their new found powers together against a common enemy. Of course it was a little longer than it probably should have been, I still thought it was a really good arc. Plus I'm not going to lie, If I could somehow... I'd bang Shirahoshi.... 

 Originally Posted by Major Muffstache While I agree with most of what you said I have to disagree with you with your one piece arc  Spoiler Of course it's entirely personal opinion, I quite liked the Fishman Island arc. It was the first arc when you get to see the crew use their new found powers together against a common enemy. Of course it was a little longer than it probably should have been, I still thought it was a really good arc. Plus I'm not going to lie, If I could somehow... I'd bang Shirahoshi....  Spoiler I found Fishman Island arc incredibly lackluster, it was just too easy for the Straw Hats. Yes, two years had passed and they all grew stronger, but I couldn't help but dislike the fact that these fishmen who were made out to be super strong got beaten with little to no effort. The only one who really struggled was Luffy and that was because they were submerged, Hody didn't stand a chance against Luffy on land. It almost felt like a filler arc to display how strong they had all gotten, which is fine all things considered but it felt like Oda was saying "Yep, they're invincible now!". Punk Hazard was better, but too much of the same there. Thankfully, Dressrosa is off to an awesome start with a wide variety of interesting characters that seem strong so hopefully Luffy will have to struggle this time around. For those who are watching the anime and are thinking about picking up the manga, you should do so. The new arc that is starting in the manga has a lot of potential so long as Mashima plays his cards right, and my interest has (for the time being at least) been revitalized. 
 I think fairy tail was always better. 

 Fairy tail is easily as good as the big 3 naruto bleach and one piece id say give it a chance because there are always negative ppl who say bad things about anime that get alot of hype like the big 3 natsu does not use the same moves on every fight but all anime's the mc has a set of special move for example goku with kamehameha and spirit bomb and yusuke with spirit gun so are you gonna say those two which are legends are bad too? 

 fairy tail is awesome. but it is sad that it is on hiatus for a while (they lost lucy's voice actor) overall i think its one of the best currently airing animes out there. 
 Signature By: HoneyKikyou
 Originally Posted by Sora3 fairy tail is awesome. but it is sad that it is on hiatus for a while (they lost lucy's voice actor) overall i think its one of the best currently airing animes out there. Is that why its on hiatus? That really really sucks. Lucys voice actor is very good...I dunno how i'd feel if/when it comes back (I assume it will come back as from what i've seen its popular) and shes got a different voice actor. I've gotten used to how each character sounds...I mean i'll assume they will look for someone who sounds similar but...Wont be the same will it.... I assumed it was on Hiatus becuase it was getting so closely caught up to the manga and there isn't really a spot from where they are now that they could throw in a filler. (no between arcs bit where they all returned to normal life). That really annoys me lol....Hope she comes back to continue the job as Lucy's voice. now onto the above on the subject of One Piece.  Spoiler Honestly I've stopped reading OP and bleach now. only ones left i read are a few obscure good ones I like, Fairy Tail and Naruto. Naruto's at what one would have to assume is its final arc and i'm finally interested in it again and fairy tail is fairly tail i've enjoyed that pretty much the whole way.. I finished the Punk hazard arc of OP and much like the fishman island arc it IMO had way way way too many issues for me to call it enjoyable. I get that fishman island was a chance for them to show off their powers but the fights felt drawn out to me, you didn't really see anything super cool from the changes in power and the whole uniting fishman and humans story going on in the background did not draw me in at all.. All in all it went on way too long for what little story it had in it. Punk Hazard the coolest bit was at the end. after the fighting was done and they were on their way...I wont say what just in case there are people here who just watch the anime but it was what happend right after the strawhats left....Anyone whos read it should know what i'm talking about anyone who hasn't shouldn't be able to work that out. But the villan of that arc was very unlikable, looked very stupid (even by OP terms) did not feel threatening and all in all the arc was very slow....The other issue with OP i'm having is the way the manga is laid out these days...Its honestly getting harder and harder to follow wtf is happening in the picture in front of you...The amount of text has gone up a bit it seems and the pictures in it are as a result getting smaller makes it much harder to work out wtf im looking at...But that could just be me. When push comes to shove. In the case of all the big 3 I believe all of them have gone on far too long. Naruto does look like its ending very soon...Like this is final arc, so kudos to it assuming i'm correct here for knowing when its over. But OP just hit its 1/2 way point not long ago so it wants to keep going another 8 or so years...Stop milking it and let it end IMO. As for bleach well it kinda finished really....Aizen vs Ichigo should have been it....But no they decided to do the whole powers back keep going thing.... These of course are all my own opinions I wouldn't be surprised if in a few years I say the same thing about fairy tail...They do tend to milk these anime/manga until they go bad but as of right now fairy tail has no reason to end (and if they follow the time skip= half way point formula i'd be happy...4-5 more arcs then end it would be nice....I love these things when they are going and dont wanna see em end...But id rather em end on top then end when its gotten so bad that I cant watch it anymore)  Spoiler Great example of this is Tenjo Tenge. Friend of mine showed me the Anime of that and I loved it...Basically a school full of fighters 1/2 with special powers...sounded awesome and anime did well....Read the manga and fk after the anime does it DROP HARD. It becomes SOOO hard to follow that its almost unreadable. honestly I got to the end and still wasn't sure what happened, all I really knew what who didn't die at the end.....Was annoying as all hell and from what I understood its a very unsatisfying ending...Pity 
 I stopped watching Fairy tail around the time they beat Master Hades. and Zerif went and did whatever he did to them. I think i just got fed up of waiting for an episode were you finally got to see the dragons. I really wanted to see Grandenie Btw ! how do you put text into those Spoiler boxes. I think im gonna need to know that for future referance! 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 The fact that anyone could ever think Naruto was better than One Piece is laughable. Fairy Tail for the most part has stayed consistently entertaining for me with the exception of the Edolas arc. 
 
