http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138210-Massive-blizzard-hits-Northeast/page2
 Massive blizzard hits Northeast - Page 2
 Originally Posted by TonyTony No **** that. Jellz is right, people here literally shitting themselves over any storm to hit NY. The news was saying people were LINING UP for gas on Friday and the lines were 20+minutes just to get to the pump. Fear mongering is at an all time HIGH. Just sad and pathetic that a foot of snow can't fall without people completely losing their ****. I sat here with a 12 case and my computer, it was a great storm. hahahahaha. this made me laugh so much. It's almost like some grand marketing scheme to get people to buy **** by scaring them shitless don't you think? Not trying to sound like a crazy conspiracy theory guy or whatever. 
 Originally Posted by TonyTony No **** that. Jellz is right, people here literally shitting themselves over any storm to hit NY. The news was saying people were LINING UP for gas on Friday and the lines were 20+minutes just to get to the pump. Fear mongering is at an all time HIGH. Just sad and pathetic that a foot of snow can't fall without people completely losing their ****. I sat here with a 12 case and my computer, it was a great storm. New York City = The whole Northeast apparently lol. We got ****ing nuked with snow up the I-95 a ways from you. EDIT: President declared a state of emergency for us lol. Originally Posted by KEWKEHTSU Come to the UP. Thanks for your winter driving tips from an area with no elevation whatsoever lol. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph New York City = The whole Northeast apparently lol. We got ****ing nuked with snow up the I-95 a ways from you. EDIT: President declared a state of emergency for us lol. Thanks for your winter driving tips from an area with no elevation whatsoever lol. lol yeah you are right. I was just saying in general it wasn't really a response to just you, just me ranting haha. I know it was WAY worse up north. My sister lives in boston and got ****in swamped, so I don't blame the news for telling people to take precautions then. But where I live and Jellz, people were literally acting like this was Sandy part 2 and that was just ridiculous. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 I've never seen snow in person :l 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Originally Posted by BlackTemplar I've never seen snow in person :l Here is Snow, the person  Spoiler Just make sure to hide your boom boom. OT - Yeah, after Sandy and the follow up storm, you would figure the "oh crap" tactic would be worn out for this year in the NYC area. Combine slow news day and a surplus of snow shovels and salt = massive blizzard. Although when I lived back in NJ, almost every storm was treated the same way. When only 20% of the time did the storm actually amount to anything for us. Nothing like getting a storm warning for a foot of snow, then waking up to 2 inches and having to walk to school, or drive to work ( depending on age ). 
 In the NYC area, Sandy severely affected mostly Staten Island, Long Island & coastal Queens. Those are the places that are still sensitive. Where I live, In the middle of Queens, Sandy and this blizzard was actually fun... 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I guess it isn't extremely horrible here but it is bad. I live in the middle of Michigan, the snow is up to me knees here and about no one here can drive. The roads are extremely slippery, just today there was two cars stuck in a ditch on my road and three other cars that almost went in, and I live out in the middle of no where on a DIRT road. Meaning other places have way more issues. School was canceled both Friday and tomorrow and it just keeps getting worse. 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Originally Posted by MyaMeOhMy I guess it isn't extremely horrible here but it is bad. I live in the middle of Michigan, the snow is up to me knees here and about no one here can drive. The roads are extremely slippery, just today there was two cars stuck in a ditch on my road and three other cars that almost went in, and I live out in the middle of no where on a DIRT road. Meaning other places have way more issues. School was canceled both Friday and tomorrow and it just keeps getting worse. Knees? Pfff, that's nothing lol. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph Knees? Pfff, that's nothing lol. What's it like over there in Connecticut? 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Originally Posted by MyaMeOhMy What's it like over there in Connecticut? Some drifts are like as high up as shoulders, the average height is around the waist. The sun has shrunk it a bit, but it's thick and getting icy. My road is still unplowed. And I live in the middle of a congested coastal I-95 corridor suburb, not out on a backroad in a hill town. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Yeah I think this is the most snow I have ever seen in this part of CT where I live. Being right on the coast the amount we got is pretty nuts. 
 
 I'm living in Danbury Connecticut currently, roads have all cleared up, mail is back on track, and it's sort of misty, foggy air. Snow isn't too bad, high, but not impossible to move through. 

 I'm just outside Boston. 28 inches on the ground but the drifts were an easy 6 feet. The driving ban did go into effect and I'm actually glad it happened or I would've had to go to work Friday night in the middle of it. Took 4 hours for me and my brother to shovel out the sidewalk and driveway. Wound up doing it with a smile, though, watching the guy across the street throw his 5-year-old kid into an 8-foot pile of snow we built on the sidewalk. I can't speak for other towns but mine is still under a snow emergency, meaning that you can't park on the even numbered side of the street, and since you'll be linched if you try to take a spot someone shoveled out, that means you don't get to park your car. The city has started the process of snow removal (as opposed to plowing) to open up some parking spots, but it's a slow process. Yesterdays rain did help clear the snow off the area you drive in on the streets but it froze overnight so we get to drive on an ice-skating rink today. Just another winter day in NE. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph Thanks for your winter driving tips from an area with no elevation whatsoever lol. Let us know when your state max breaks an average of 50'' of snow, We receive that amount in less than one month. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by Kewkehtsu Let us know when your state max breaks an average of 50'' of snow, We receive that amount in less than one month. I'm sure that really kills the huge commuter economy of the upper peninsula and other such bustling metropoli outside of that one city with no economy. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph I'm sure that really kills the huge commuter economy of the upper peninsula and other such bustling metropoli outside of that one city with no economy. I'm sorry your state grinds to a halt when you build up a few inches. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Hey a chance to throw barbs at each other... The storm is over, and so is this thread. 
