http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156289-(Original-Story)The-Dragon-Clans-The-Beginning
 (Original Story)The Dragon Clans: The Beginning
 I have posted this story here in the past, so I'll once again post it. I have re-written it of course; my goal is to one day make this into a manga/comic. I have been writing this since I was 14, on and off; so hopefully I can get some feedback from you guys. Hope you guys find it interesting:  Spoiler PERIOD(YEAR) 1000 (As the sun sets, the wind blows through the trees of the Forest of Peace. In between numerous trees, laid a small building, a school rather, named The Fire Dragons. In his office, Rukio, the leader of the Fire Dragon Clan discus a serious matter with his two captains, Kira Toshiro and Carlos.) CARLOS: Rukio-sensei, we have to do something about those dirty Wind Dragons. KIRA: He’s right sensei; the Wind Dragons have been bullying our new students and harassing them for three days straight. CARLOS: Why won’t they come after us, the elites!? I’ll tell you why, because they’re afraid of us! RUKIO: They’re smart, that’s why. All they want is for us to lose new members. KIRA: We lost two new students today, one of them was found dead and they joined yesterday. At this rate we’ll lose all of our rookies to them. CARLOS: They’re going too far, I say we declare war and put an end to those Wind Dragons. RUKIO: Sigh, Carlos you must control yourself; the last thing I want is a war and you know this. CARLOS: What shall we do then sensei? (Rukio stood quite for a moment. Just as he was about to speak, the door opens in a rush. It was one of the students.) STUDENT: Rukio-sensei, there’s something you need to see. KIRA: What’s wrong? STUDENT: We just found a baby, a strange boy. His eyes…you just have to see to believe this. (Kira, Carlos and Rukio followed the young student outside where the boy was located; the baby being carried by another student. He looked up at Rukio and what he saw in the boy shocked him.) CARLOS: Red eyes? An Asian boy with red eyes? RUKIO: I can’t believe this… KIRA: What’s wrong master? RUKIO: The ones that created the Dragon Clans, this boy carry their blood! CARLOS: The Four Brothers? RUKIO: The creators of the Dragon Clans; each one with incredible powers. KIRA: We know that sensei, but what does this boy have to do with them? RUKIO: This boy’s eyes have the same design as them, and what’s even more amazing is that his eyes are red. This boy is a direct descendent of Ryu Kasai, the creator the Fire Dragon Clan! (Carlos and Kira’s eyes widens in shock.) RUKIO: When this boy grows, his powers will be limitless, surpassing every Fire Dragon, including me. CARLOS: That powerful huh? Why are his eyes like that? He doesn’t even look Human. RUKIO: It’s still unknown how their eyes changed to that color and design, theories have surfaced, but there was never a definite answer. KIRA: It makes sense for his eyes to be red, if he is a Fire Dragon prodigy. That would mean that a descendent from the Water Dragon Clan would have his or her eyes blue, correct? RUKIO: Correct. The Sand Dragon Clan would have his eyes orange, and the Wind Dragon Clan would have his eyes green. What’s even more impressive is that they camouflaged their eyes, suppressing their powers. CARLOS: Camouflaged their eyes? How? RUKIO: It was like a transformation, a lock rather. They would lock their powers; suppressing it, that would result in their eyes changing to the color of dark brown. No one would have noticed who they really were once they locked their powers. STUDENT: Sensei, what should we do with the boy? He won’t stop crying. RUKIO: Give the boy to me; I’ll take him to my daughter. KIRA: So we’ll keep the boy then; he can become a very important member. RUKIO: Yes, this boy can help us put an end to a potential war… (Seven years have passed since Sano was found, and like natural young boys, he seems to be lost in the forest.) SARAH: Sano! Sano where are you!? Humph, where could he be? (While Sarah, the daughter of the Fire Dragon Clan leader Lord Rukio continues her search for Sano, he seems to be trying to ambush an animal. He lays hidden in the bushes, waiting for the right moment to strike.) SANO: This damn monkey won’t escape from me this time, I gotcha. (Sano suddenly jumps up at full force in the air while yelling. But he quickly realizes the monkey is not there anymore.) SANO: Wh-what? Not again! (Sano falls right on the ground landing on his head, receiving a huge lump the size of an orange.) SANO: Ow! How does he know I’m coming!? I’m always silent and stealthy! (Sano gets up and jumps up a tree; searching for the monkey.) SANO: Aww now I lost him again and it’s all because I can’t use these fire techniques the right way. (Sano jumps and lands on the ground, but suddenly finds himself surrounded by three strangers grinning. Their uniforms were similar to his, but something was different.) STRANGER#1: Now look what the tree decided to drop, its a little fire monkey. STRANGER#2: What’s a little fire monkey doing on our turf; the Wind Dragon’s turf? SANO(THINKING): As I thought, green clothes; these guys are Wind Dragons. Rukio told me to run away if I see one but I’m…I’m too scared, my legs won’t move. WIND DRAGON#3: Hehehe, poor lil monkey is too afraid to run; he must be pissing on himself by now. Well that makes it easier for us; you know what Lord Anthony said right guys? Those who intrude on our territory and especially a fire roach, dispose of him. (Right when they were about to take a step closer to Sano, Sarah appeared out of nowhere calling his name out loud.) SARAH: Sano where are you! Oh! My baby! (Sarah charges at Sano knocking everyone else out of the way and hugs him tightly.) SARAH: Ohhh I missed you so much! My little fat panda bear! SANO: Sigh, Sarah that doesn’t even make sense, I’m not fat. SARAH: But you look like a fluffy, cute, fat panda bear! SANO: Can you let me go!? SARAH: So rebellious these days, and you don’t even call me big sister anymore!? My heart just broke into tiny pieces. (The strangers quickly interrupt this reunion; their expressions grinning. Sano quickly gets behind Sarah.) WIND DRAGON#3: Are you guys done? Looks like we got ourselves a pretty one, you know what to do guys. SARAH: Sano, are they friends of yours? WIND DRAGONS: WE’RE ENEMIES! SANO: Sarah it’s obvious that these guys are Wind Dragons, look at their uniforms! (Sarah suddenly has a serious expression on her face.) SARAH: I’m curious; you guys do realize that we’re not on good terms with the Wind Dragons, right? Crossing over to our territory without permission can get you killed. WIND DRAGON#2: Hahaha, and who’s going to commit such an act!? Will it be you? (The Wind Dragon suddenly charges at Sarah attacking her; she crashes to a tree, bleeding from her mouth.) SANO: Sarah! (One of the Wind Dragons suddenly grabs Sano by the neck, choking and attempting to end his life right that instant.) WIND DRAGON#1: Fire Dragons, hahaha! Hehe, I’m feeling a bit hot, how about you guys? WIND DRAGON#2: Yeah I’m feeling hotter by the minute, what’s going on. (The Wind Dragon holding Sano suddenly drops him to the ground and removes shirt. They all begin to yell, as if they’re in pain.) WIND DRAGON#2: Ahhh! What the hell is going on, this heat is unbearable! It feels like I’m burning inside! (Suddenly a voice is heard; Sarah. Sano looks back and sees Sarah standing up, grinning.) SANO: What’s happening to them? SARAH: Hehehe, it’s unfortunate for you to have encountered the daughter of Lord Rukio. WIND DRAGON#3: What!? You’re Sarah!? You’re that insane freak! SARAH: And yet you heard the boy say my name, but your arrogance blinded you. This stupidity will now cost you your life. You see, being a Fire Dragon means you can control the heat in your body; you manipulate it and thus, create fire. But that doesn’t mean I can’t control the heat in your body. (Sarah’s grin grew wider as the Wind Dragons screamed in agony and pain; having their inside boil up in heat. Sano sat on the grown witnessing the horror, he’s never seen Sarah like this; laughing maniacally.) SANO(THINKING): Sarah, what’s wrong with you? You seem so evil. (Sano quickly got up and ran to Sarah; hugging and shedding tears.) SANO: Please stop it! Why are you doing this!? (Sarah came to her senses, but by then, the Wind Dragons had already been dead. She looks at Sano with concern and hugs him back.) SARAH: Sano! I…I’m sorry I made you cry. SANO: I just want to go home. (Meanwhile at the Wind Dragon School, Lord Anthony enjoys a battle between his captain, Akira Toshiro, and one angry student. He sits on his “king’s chair” while other teachers and students surround the battle ground.) ANTHONY: Hahaha! Don’t go so hard now Akira! STUDENT: This is life, or death Akira! I won’t stand for this any longer! (Akira stands with his arms crossed; with an uncaring look on his eyes, resembling Kira in some ways.) AKIRA: You are making a big mistake boy, it is not too late to turn back and go on about your business. STUDENT: Don’t command me any longer Akira! I trained hard these years, I can beat you and when I do, I will take your place! AKIRA: Very well then, death will be your only way out of this. (Akira quickly charges at the young but confident challenger. He elbows, but the challenger quickly blocks with his eyes widening.) STUDENT(THINKING): S-strong! Th-this will be hard, but I kn-know I can beat him! (The student drops down and tries sweeping Akira’s legs, but Akira jumps dodging the attack. While on the air, Akira front flips, attempting to strike the student with his leg, but the student quickly realizes this and blocks with his arms crossed. Akira then quickly kicks the student on his chest while still on the air, sending the student 10ft back. The student struggles to stand up gasping for air, and suddenly sees Akira on the air charging at him. The student quickly moves out the way as Akira crashes to the ground, destroying part of the ground. He then charges again at the student and elbows the student right on the face sending him flying 5ft.) AKIRA: This is not even a workout for me, what made you think you were even comparable to my power? STUDENT: H-how? How can you be th-this strong? AKIRA: Did you honestly believe you seen my true power? Or even half my power for that matter? (The student’s eyes widens, he could not believe the power Akira held.) AKIRA: No answer? Fine by me, now…you die. (The student quickly stands, but suddenly drops to his knees, gasping for air. Everyone watching becomes confused, they do not know what’s going on with him, and in just one minute, he falls to the ground and lays still. Akira slowly walks back to Lord Anthony.) ANTHONY: Haha, oh Akira, using wind techniques to stop his lungs from taking in air, a nice fatality there; I don’t remember teaching you that one. (Anthony stands up.) ANTHONY: You see that everyone!? Do not oppose our authority, or you’ll end up just like that guy there. Value life, and just follow our rules! (Everyone bows down in fear, and exits the battle ground. While in his office, Anthony discusses a serious matter with Akira.) ANTHONY: So, did we get the job done? AKIRA: Yes my lord, the new members that the Fire Dragons thought they were recruiting have joined with us instead. ANTHONY: Good, we’ll cripple their defense first, and then we’ll attack and finally put an end to those filthy Fire Dragons! AKIRA: I assume you’ll leave the Water and Sand Dragon Clans for last? ANTHONY: We are in good terms with the Water Dragons; I can’t say too much for the Sand Dragons though. They seem to have a better relationship with the Fire Dragons, so we may have to put them on the list; let’s see how things unravel. AKIRA: If Rukio wouldn’t have opposed you, I wouldn’t have to kill my own brother. ANTHONY: Kira made his choice, he’s choosing death and continues to side with those Fire Dragons. The real question is, will you do the right thing, or will you betray me? AKIRA: My apologies, but what you say is absurd. I can never betray you; I will kill him if it comes to that. (Suddenly the phone begins to ring; Anthony answers the phone and has a surprise look on his face.) ANTHONY: Well if it isn’t Lord Rukio; we haven’t spoken in seven years! Glad to hear your voice old pal hehehe. RUKIO: Listen Anthony, I have been ignoring your actions for a very long time but there is one action I will never ignore and that’s anyone harming my children. (Anthony is suddenly confused by what Rukio is talking about.) ANTHONY: Harming your children? What are you talking about? RUKIO: Stop acting as if you did not send those three fools to attack Sarah and the boy! ANTHONY: Attacking Sarah? I did no such thing; I am not dumb enough to go after your freak of a daughter, that’s a waste of soldiers. RUKIO: Do anything you want with us Anthony, but stay away from my kids! (The call suddenly cuts off and Anthony is shown with an angry look in his eyes.) ANTHONY: That bastard dares to speak to me in that manner!? AKIRA: Lord, please allow me to personally end Rukio’s life for disrespecting you right now. ANTHONY: The time to strike has not come yet Akira, we need more time. What I would really like to know is what was Rukio talking about when he mentioned a boy? His boy has been dead for 7 years… (Meanwhile in Rukio’s office…) RUKIO: I told you not to go out there alone! It’s too dangerous for you at the moment! SANO: B-but Rukio, I just wanted to have some fun. Every day I see the same thing over and over; plus I was still in our territory. (Sarah suddenly grabs Sano and hugs him; kisses him.) SARAH: Hehehe, he’s all safe now thanks to me; his big sister! CARLOS: Sano you have to be careful out there, those dirty Wind Dragons won’t care about territories; they’ll still go after any of us given the chance. RUKIO: You’ll spend the whole day training with me, got it? You need to get stronger and wiser. SANO: Aww but that’s not fair; I train every single day with Carlos and Kira and you! RUKIO: One day it’ll be you who will lead the Fire Dragon Clan, as well as protecting those you love. Sarah won’t be there to protect you forever you know, isn’t that right Sarah? SARAH: What? You’re crazy old man! I’ll protect Sano forever and ever and ever! (Rukio laughs nervously.) RUKIO: Damn it Sarah, you can’t protect him forever! SARAH: Oh yes I can! Watch me! Let’s go Sano somewhere to play! (Sarah quickly grabs Sano’s hand and runs away with him. Rukio, Kira and Carlos are suddenly shocked by how fast Sarah moved. Kira attempted to stop her, but Rukio stops him.) RUKIO: Let them go, she’s probably outside by now so there’s no point. Maybe I am pushing him too much; maybe what’s best for now is for him to have some fun. (Sano screams at Sarah while Sarah continues to run.) SANO: Damn it Sarah are you trying to kill me!? SARAH: How can you say that silly? I wanna play with you! SANO: Fine, what game should we play!? SARAH: Ummm…I think we should play…TAG! YOU’RE IT! (Sarah tags Sano so hard, he falls to the ground and with his head, cracks a small piece of the floor. Sarah starts bursting out laughing at Sano and runs away.) SANO: I’ll get you Sarah! (Sano starts running after Sarah to tag her. A couple minutes later, Sano finds himself in the far west of the territory lying on the ground and looking at the sky.) SANO: Sigh, when will I become stronger? Why am I so scared when there is trouble? Rukio was right, I have to get strong and protect Sarah and everyone. Sarah is always there saving me when I run into trouble, but I train all the time and all want is just to have some fun. (Sano stands up.) SANO: Sarah sure acted strange today, I never seen her like that. She felt so…evil. No, Sarah is not a bad person, maybe a little weird and a bit crazy but she’s not evil. And where is that girl anyways!? (Suddenly, Sano is pushed back and falls to the ground hard.) SANO: Huh? What was th- (His thought was quickly interrupted when he sees a boy frowning at him with his arms crossed. He was shocked, it was the first time he had ever seen anyone around the same age as he was. All his life Sano was around adults, the youngest person he had ever seen was Sarah who was sixteen years old. But now, he had finally met someone like him; a kid.) SANO(THINKING): Who is this kid? He looks my age; I never seen another kid before. But he’s wearing the Wind Dragon uniform; is this kid dangerous? 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE...I DARE YOU...  Spoiler Memeber Of The Dragon Ball Social Group Leader Of The Namek Division 
