http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157480-2050
[OOC] 2050
 I've had an idea for a roleplay for awhile, but I haven't worked out specific details for it yet. I was wondering if I could commence conversation with the good people of the Roleplayer's Realm to get the inner-workings smoothed out. The main idea of the roleplay is fairly post-apocalyptic. Humans have been scrambling against the insane weather (sandstorms one day, below zero temperatures and storms the best day, tornadoes, etc) and a lack of resources. Petroleum is scarce, a barrel costing at least a thousand bullets. Currency in the form of coins and paper has all but been phased out, with bartering replacing most transactions. Bullets are accepted in stores as currency, used for protection and hunting. I'm thinking there could be an underground society (literally underground) which has continued moving forward in technology while the surface world continues suffering? I'm not sure what the actual plot would be. Ideas? Thanks. 
 I can help with that once I'm done fixing up my own setting! 
I am sorry...
 So you're basically roleplaying Metro 2033 with your own twist? Or are you thinking differently? 
 I've never even read/watched Metro 2033.... Oh my. But, I was just wanting a post-apocalyptic RP haha. 
 You can develop a back story behind the apocalypse, such as an antagonistic force that everyone can gather against or cross paths while engaging with (aliens, crazy scientists or cult, etc). 

 Originally Posted by Kalbells I've never even read/watched Metro 2033.... Oh my. But, I was just wanting a post-apocalyptic RP haha. Metro is basically after a nuclear war where people live in sewers/underground metro train system and the surface is beyond livable. There are many abominations in the world above with creatures and monsters that are extremely fearsome, but sometimes it's also the human underground element which is also terrifying. That's a basic blurb.... 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
