http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151414-Space-Dandy
[Action] Space Dandy
 Space Dandy (stylized as Space☆Dandy) is an upcoming Japanese anime series directed by Shinichiro Watanabe and produced by Bones.[1] The series will follow Dandy, an alien hunter who is the "dandiest man in space", in search for aliens with his robot assistant QT and a cat alien named Meow. The series will begin airing in January 2014.[1] Bones, Cowboy Bebop dude, b1tching soundtrack....whats not to get hyped up about? Its barely 4 months away.... 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 hahaha this series literally looks freaking godly nice find dude. amazing art as expected from bones. probably the only thing to look forward to. 
 This is absolutely brilliant! I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for this when it comes out. 
★★★★★★★★★★★ ismycomputeron.com
 Oh snap... I love you so much right now. This anime, jesus christ this anime looks amazing... Words can't describe my dandy feelings right now. I'm feeling so damn dandy. 
 Glad to see Sweet JP found work after winning Redline. Looks pretty decent. 

 That just looks downright awesome, it's a shame to wait until January but, good things come to those who wait I suppose, which means, even longer wait for an English dub; provided someone licenses it. I wonder if I badger Funimation with emails long enough they'll dub this and the Tatami Galaxy (along with some other anime I want) - I'm joking of course, but here's hoping. 
 
 Will definitely watch! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Space Dandy Space Dandy (stylized as Space☆Dandy) is an upcoming Japanese anime series directed by Shinichiro Watanabe and produced by Bones. The series will follow Dandy, an alien hunter who is "a dandy guy in the space", in search for aliens with his robot assistant QT and a cat alien named Meow. The series will begin airing in January 2014. The opening theme will be "Viva Namida" (ビバナミダ Biba Namida?) by Yasuyuki Okamura. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Looks so ****ing awesome, I can't even. The preview looked so awesome, great soundtracks and the animation style looks really nice. Also, dem titties galore ^3^ 
 Yeah basically reminds me of the less serious episodes in Cowboy Bebop. Should be a fun show! 

 LOLOLOL I just looked it up on MyAnimeList. Space Dandy's being made by the same guy who made Cowboy Bebop XD 
 Yup, who also made Samurai Champloo! <3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I actually have yet to watch Samurai Champloo, but it looks really good. 
 hahaha nice xD 
 
 Awesome music! Definitely checking this one out. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 I did a double take when I saw the name Shinichiro Watanabe. I'm so excited now! 
 Huge news! BIG HONKIN’ TOONAMI ANNOUNCEMENT! Hey everybody! Just wanted to drop you all a line and announce a couple pieces of Toonami news. First, we are proud to announce that Toonami will be WORLD PREMIERING the new series from Shinichiro Watanabe (Cowboy Bebop, Samurai Champloo) and Studio BONES (FMA, Soul Eater, many more), SPACE DANDY! SPACE DANDY is a 26 episode series that will be premiering in the U.S. BEFORE it premieres in Japan (yep, you read that right)! Details on that to follow soon. Oh, and when will it premiere? Sooner than you think- January 4th, at 11:30 PM. "Did I just read 11:30?" Yep, you read that right. Space Dandy will kick off an expanded 6-1/2 HOUR TOONAMI broadcast every Saturday. Toonami Faithful, we got our extra half hour! Oh, you’re STILL not satisfied? Fine. We have some other great news that will be coming in the next few weeks, but until then we’ll drop one more little tidbit: In December, Toonami will take a break from our regular schedule and have a bit of holiday fun, with three weeks in a row of a movie special to kick off the block! What movies, you ask? Well, you’ll have to wait a bit on that. Finally- if you have more questions about all this, GOOD- ask them here! We’ll be doing our monthly Toonami Q&A this Sunday from 11am et, to whenever we hit the tumblr post limit! Remember, your question could end up on our monthly on-air Tumblr Q&A session with Tom and Sara. WHEW- okay. Keep your eyes locked right here over the next few weeks for more details on all of this, as well as some other VERY exciting developments we can’t talk about yet. And in the mean time, do make sure you check us out on November 2nd, when we’ll be airing some fun little surprises in the daylight savings hour (2am)! WE WILL NEVER STOP Love, the Toonami Crew. http://toonami.tumblr.com/post/65032...-hey-everybody Oh man, so not only did cartoon network get the rights to air this show first, they paid for a second cour, making it 26 episodes out of the gate. SO EXCITED! 

 Hoooooooooooooraaaaaaaaaaay. And its gonna be uncut if they put it out at that time and its prolly gonna have an above decent dub. Plus, we should get lots of images and viral stuff soon (fingers crossed) so we can finally see some Space Dandy ava's, sigs and banners around here. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 In the words of Leonard Cohen... "It's coming to America first, the cradle of the best and of the worst." xD Cool! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I might actually not even bother with the Japanese subs thats great news. 
 I actually just recently found out that Toonami will broadcasting the World Premiere of this show in January 2014. I was originally going to put this on my "To watch" list, but plans have changed lol. I'm pretty excited to see anything by Shinichiro Watanabé 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I'm so excited for this show! Also happy to see Toonami get a half hour longer. 
 Hope the whole hitting USA first happens more with anime. I doubt it would happen a lot but giving us a bone now and again is nice. 
 I'll probably still watch the Japanese subs, because dubs nowadays are just... ugh. 
 
 Im so excited for this anime. It looks too awesome :3 Do I have to wait longer for the sub version? I heard its airing in Toonami first and then japan so i guessing ill have to wait a while for the japanese version? 
 
