http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?123525-Romance-Anime-s-That-Made-You-Cry
 Romance Anime/s That Made You Cry
 CONFESSION TIME! Okay I just finished watching sola and so I decided to put up this thread for those(including me) that want to share their romance anime experiences and feelings so.... Enough chit-chat let's get happening. Here are those that made me cry my eyes out. 1. Clannad 2. Clannad After Story 3. Sola 4. Angel Beats!(last episode) .....that's all i remember 
 "Life never gets easy...... You just get better." My Anime List Signature by Me AblaZe/slash/HacKeR 
 Ano Hana (By Far the biggest tear jerker I've seen) Ef- A Tale of Memories Ef- A tale of Melodies Air H20 Footprints in The Sand Hanbun No Tssuki Ga Noboru Sora 
 "I hope it Becomes Popular, What? Senjougahara Fascination." Click Here to See MyAnimeList 
 Air huh I didn't really cry just heartbroken but i think that it's because I failed to understand the story completely 
 "Life never gets easy...... You just get better." My Anime List Signature by Me AblaZe/slash/HacKeR 
 Seriously!? there's no one else? 
 "Life never gets easy...... You just get better." My Anime List Signature by Me AblaZe/slash/HacKeR 
 AnoHana's last episode reduced me to a pile of snot and tears. 
BU!ART BU!SHEET 
 I expected this to get locked, so I didn't say: -Clannad/After Story -Kanon Angel Beats! Complete, break-down crying at one point or another. Others in which tears rolled down cheeks: -K-ON! -Shuffle! -Air (I guess, seriously don't like this series very much considering the others by the same writer) -Hanasaku Iroha and other shows I can't remember right now. 
 
 Originally Posted by Caliburxcm K-ON! Wouldn't really call that romance, though? .. Although I cried to K-ON! too. D: EDIT: Ohwait, you wrote 'others'. Derp. 
 Last edited by Bu!; 09-29-2011 at 09:32 AM. 
BU!ART BU!SHEET 
 Kimi ga Nozumu Eien or Rumbling Hearts, beyond depressing. Kanon, Clannad Kimikiss Pure Rouge 
 Originally Posted by jeffari Kimi ga Nozumu Eien or Rumbling Hearts, beyond depressing. Kanon, Clannad Kimikiss Pure Rouge What was it about Kimi Kiss that did it for you? I really liked the series, but was happy throughout, unless you mean tears of joy? 
 "I hope it Becomes Popular, What? Senjougahara Fascination." Click Here to See MyAnimeList 
 Originally Posted by MichaelArkAngel What was it about Kimi Kiss that did it for you? I really liked the series, but was happy throughout, unless you mean tears of joy? *Spoiler Alert*  Spoiler I guess it was tears of joy as I really was happy with how Sanada made the right choice in the end with Mizusawa 
 Originally Posted by jeffari *Spoiler Alert*  Spoiler I guess it was tears of joy as I really was happy with how Sanada made the right choice in the end with Mizusawa If you liked KiniKiss, have you seen Amagami SS? made by the same people that did kimikiss. It's set up as a 12 episode series, but broken up into, I think 6 character arcs. Once one ends, the story starts over with a new girl. I like it a lot! 
 "I hope it Becomes Popular, What? Senjougahara Fascination." Click Here to See MyAnimeList 
 Amagami SS Clannad and after story Chobits H2O: Footprints in the Sand School Days 
 Air Air the movie Clannad Clannad the after story These four alone made cry. Plus I could really relate to Misuzu in Air, her having an unknown disease and how its uncurable, not the angel thing 
 I only watched the 1st char arc in Amagami SS cuz I kinda dont like those kind of things plus I wanted to see more action with the 1st couple. 
 "Life never gets easy...... You just get better." My Anime List Signature by Me AblaZe/slash/HacKeR 
 ~Kanon, Clannad, AnoHana, Yea sorry wasn't much help, I'll try to think of some others. ^^ 
 ~"Remember that you are mortal." 
 Clannad actually did make me tear up a little... The characters REALLY grew on me. I didn't think I would like it but I really got an emotional connection with the story. I started Angel Beats last night, and seriously. I'm pretty positive I will cry. 
 
 Originally Posted by Vespa Clannad actually did make me tear up a little... Did you watch After Story as well? It's pretty much required if you watched 'season 1' I can never tell, everyone typically refers to either the whole thing, or just season 1 as 'Clannad'. Originally Posted by Vespa I started Angel Beats last night, and seriously. I'm pretty positive I will cry. There's a good chance. Key anime may as well be tear-harvesting tools. 
 
 I finished watching After Story last week. Again, not typically my sort of anime... But I really liked it. A lot. A friend of mine had an Angel Beats wallpaper on his laptop... I asked about it and he was like, "YOU MUST WATCH THIS NAO!" He did warn me that I might cry... XD 
 
 Romeo x Juliet nearly until the end. It was so stupid I didn't know what to think for half a week. 
It is something that should be in my possession to start with. All the treasures in the world originate from my collection. However, because much time passed, it disappeared from my treasury. But I am still its owner. Gilgamesh (Fate/Zero) 
 Toradora!  Spoiler When Ryuji leaves in the suit to meet up with Minori, moments later Taiga comes to the realization she loves him, and runs out after him, only to find he's long gone. She cries for her loss, and it moved me to tears ^ ^. 
Your divine radiance illuminates the path in front of me; I pray I will always be by your side, and that I may not be led astray from your light, my inamorata.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Clannad Clannad After Story Kanon Air (and the movie) Angel Beats Toradora Sekaiichi Hatsukoi (only if you're really into yaoi) Sorry that's all I got ! (: 
 Angel BEATS (last episode) school days Clannad(I have just watched couple parts still its enough to make me cry ) all have got sorry guys :/ I will watch some new animes at the end of school 
 Thanks to my lovely bloody.rose Please Dont Click it don't click this link... 
 Toradora made me cry several times, it was just so loaded with strong emotions. I got really attached to the characters and kinda felt how they felt, it's probably one of the best animes I've ever seen. 
 Clannad, Kanon, Angel Beats, and Ano Hana are all the ones I can think off the top of my head that made me cry. 

 I tend to cry during non-romantic anime's. Such as Naruto and Death Note. :u But, I bawled like a baby in Fruits Basket, at a few parts. Same with Angel Beats. 
 Our Lives Are Like A Candle In The Wind- Beautiful, But Taken For Granted.
