http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151664-Misconceptions-of-an-innocent-mind
 Misconceptions of an innocent mind
 In other words, really stupid things you used to believe when you were a kid. Do you have any you want to share? One of my earliest memories is that when I was a kid, some tv shows started to try jumping into 3D, but you needed one of those blue and red 3D glasses to see the effect. They were advertising it as stuff coming out of the tv, so I thought that if I wore a pair of glasses during a toy commercial it would be possible for me to grab the toys and keep them. You can't even begin to understand my disappointment when I got my hands on an actual pair of 3D glasses. I have more, but I'll share them later 

 When i was a kid i thought being a power ranger was a real job 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 if only... 

 Believe it or not, nothing. I did not thought anything like that when I was young. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I used to think drinking and drive was ment for all drinks, not just alcohol. So when ever I would see some one drink for example some water and drive I would yell at them lol 

 Lol @Flemmes, the shame is too strong A few: - Watching cartoons/movies and listening to songs... different meanings and hidden meanings are unveiled when you grow up. - Bats will fly down and get stuck in my hair. (Blame my mum) - If I have sex, I will get pregnant, and I will die. So I don't upset Chuni:  Spoiler - Santa - Easter Bunny I love the idea of being able to **** with kids and tell them fake things... If I ever get my own pe..kid, I will defitintely **** with his mind. Something like... Don't eat gummy worms because they are made from real worm meat. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I thought, when I was a kid if you drank to much Sunny D you'd turn orange 0.0. So i'd limit myself on how much a drank.... 

 Originally Posted by Pured Lol @Flemmes, the shame is too strong A few: - Watching cartoons/movies and listening to songs... different meanings and hidden meanings are unveiled when you grow up. - Bats will fly down and get stuck in my hair. (Blame my mum) - If I have sex, I will get pregnant, and I will die. So I don't upset Chuni:  Spoiler - Santa - Easter Bunny I love the idea of being able to **** with kids and tell them fake things... If I ever get my own pe..kid, I will [definitely] **** with his mind. Something like... Don't eat gummy worms because they are made from real worm meat. That's nothing, I used to think that if a man and a woman where living together the woman will magically get pregnant. Then I thought that a kiss could get a woman pregnant. 

 Originally Posted by Freemasonry I thought, when I was a kid if you drank to much Sunny D you'd turn orange 0.0. So i'd limit myself on how much a drank.... That's only true with carrots 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 That's only true with carrots Carrots are the DEVIL! -hides- 

 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 That's only true with carrots Similarly, you turn blue with silver. Like Stranger, I used to think that women got pregnant through kissing. I was told this was not the case, but specifics were not given to me for obvious reasons. I used to believe that if you saw a Volkswagon Beetle, that you could make a wish on them. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms I used to believe that if you saw a Volkswagon Beetle, that you could make a wish on them. What about shooting stars? LOL... Another one my mum told me was that she can see everything I do. My Kindergarten teacher was her friend >.> 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Lol @Flemmes, the shame is too strong I am as innocent and pure as you can get in this tumultuous world. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I honestly can't remember any, apart from the obvious ones like believing in Santa. I did not believe in the Easter bunny since my parents didn't embrace that custom lol. We got an Easter egg from my parents and that was that. My parents were pretty good at explaining stuff. lol. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Flemmes and Shannon, you're just not thinking hard enough 

 Originally Posted by Stranger Flemmes and Shannon, you're just not thinking hard enough I am trying, but I cannot think of anything. I did not give much thought to holiday figures, monsters in my room, or superstitions. My parents seldom told me lies to keep me from doing things, but even when they did, I would always test it out rather than just believe them. I did not pick anything up from other people around me either. It is probably because I grew hearing a bunch of stories from people who are just trying to scare or have some fun. 
 Last edited by Sakiya Rumei; 10-11-2013 at 11:09 AM. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 What do you mean Santa's not real? 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I remember when i was first told about santa, i was 4 yet my mum could not keep a straight face when she told me about it, so i never believed it. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple I honestly can't remember any, apart from the obvious ones like believing in Santa. I did not believe in the Easter bunny since my parents didn't embrace that custom lol. We got an Easter egg from my parents and that was that. My parents were pretty good at explaining stuff. lol. What do you mean, all my time of putting out milk&cookies have been in vain IMPOSSIBRUUUUUU! 

 Originally Posted by Freemasonry What do you mean, all my time of putting out milk&cookies have been in vain IMPOSSIBRUUUUUU! Of course not. The real reason they are put there are so that homeless people can go around and get a free meal. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Pured you let homless people into your house....actually that does explain alot 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Pured you let homless people into your house....actually that does explain alot My house... what a joke -.- I'm the guy going around eating your cookies and drinking your milk. That's right, be jealous. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured My house... what a joke -.- I'm the guy going around eating your cookies and drinking your milk. That's right, be jealous. don't ever make a post again, you have exactly 4,000 posts. That's a good look 

 When I was a child i think I believed in the most ignorant things in the world. Probably the worst thing of all is something I am quite ashamed of and even for a small child. Is the most moronic thing to actually believe lol. I was told by someone, whom I forget whom. That I was special and really really smart and if I tried really hard I could be anything I wanted to be and become a millionaire. I was told I was good at many things and could do anything. Being an innocent child. I believed them. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 My brothers always told me I was adopted (pretty harsh joke!), and if I asked my mom or dad that I would be put in timeout. I use to be pretty gullible as most children, but my brothers really brought out all the skepticism that is in me today. 
