http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159902-Who-is-ur-Celebrity-crush
[General Discussion] Who is ur Celebrity crush?
 Ive always had a thing for super model/actress Adriana Lima and I'm a sucker for blue eyes. Ive never seen a more beautiful person in my life than her and probably never will. 

 Justin Timberlake <3 <3 <3 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Steve Buscemi, the most handsome man in Hollywood of course.  Spoiler 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Max Thieriot...Love his character at Bates Motel.  Spoiler 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Elmo. Sexiest Celeb ever.  Spoiler 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by Grey Steve Buscemi, the most handsome man in Hollywood of course.  Spoiler Ill second that, was going to think of someone better, but there isnt anyone. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Hun7ah Ill second that, was going to think of someone better, but there isnt anyone. The only other option is the One True God. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Kristen Bell. 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 Scarlett Johanson 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Yvonne Strahovski  Spoiler 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by 4xdblack Yvonne Strahovski  Spoiler Chuck is one of my favorite shows and I agree Yvonne is a very good looking women 

 Was Miranda from Mass Effect modeled after Yvonne?! She was, she looks stunning IRL but hit in-game IMO. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Was Miranda from Mass Effect modeled after Yvonne?! She was, she looks stunning IRL but hit in-game IMO. I believe so 

 Olivia Thirlby and Emilia Clarke are both painfully gorgeous.  Spoiler  Spoiler Also, the obligatory choice of Emma Watson  Spoiler 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I sort of have a man-crush on Hugh Jackman as the Wolverine. Does that count?  Spoiler 
 Miley Cyrus........shut up 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Erza Knightwalker Chuck is one of my favorite shows and I agree Yvonne is a very good looking women Chuck, the best show with the worst ending. "Guys, I know Kung-Fu." GG lol Originally Posted by Joanro I sort of have a man-crush on Hugh Jackman as the Wolverine. Does that count?  Spoiler So do I... 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Megan Fox and Emmanuelle Chriqui. I cant even remember the movie but somehow I still remember the name Chriqui. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Her...  Spoiler Not only she's a beautiful woman, but her voice can drive me crazy. :P 
 Originally Posted by Grey The only other option is the One True God. I prefer a celebrity crush I may have a slim chance with. The one true God is far out of my reach. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Dialing back I think my first celebrity crush was 'Baby Spice'. My Father did his best to influence me towards Ms Anderson during her Baywatch days so the 'blonde chicks' thing stuck with me for some time during my childhood. 
 01000111 01101111 01110100 00100000 01001101 01101001 01101100 01101011 00111111
 Kate Beckinsale of course, sexy ass vampire And Hugh Jackman 

 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Max Thieriot...Love his character at Bates Motel.  Spoiler Holy mother of genetics... I have a friend that looks just like this guy! And he happens to be single- want me to introduce you guys? I think- Jessica Alba for the women! Men is more difficult- Either Milo Ventimiglia (from Heroes) or T.O.P (from the band BigBang)... Maybe x) 
