http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page385
 League of Legends - Page 385
 Im skeptical about the new changes. The whole point of jungling is to help your lane snowball, not get kills. It's possible to go alistar, leona jungle and do fine, cuz thats what junglers do, snowball lanes. now they are making it a jungle carry? I'm not sure what the point of another jungle camp is but whatever. The visions is I guess one way they are going to help prevent snowballs. I guess that's the only one that I can see it being an entirely tactical that pretty much anyone can do good or bad regardless of the snowball is I think where they are trying to get. The change to snowballing; it seems they are changing the mathematics in this of first blood and whatnot. Pretty sure they are going to decrease the amount you gain along with other varies things that help you snowball, is pretty much going to be decreased. I understand they want to prevent snowballing, but I also don't want 1 hour long games every other game I play. If team a is better than team b I don't know what are you supposed to do other than reward them with whats suitable because they are winning. I mean that's like the basics of anything competitive. Plus, it's entirely possible to counter a snowball with better team fights. happens all the time. 
 Snowballing it the bane of games like this. You played StarCraft 2, Zer0, you know this. Getting a lucky early lead should not create an insurmountable obstacle for the opposing team. 

 Originally Posted by Pured @Struggler, Idk man... I play mid and I hate snowballing... It pretty much gives the losing mid NO chance to come back... Then the losing team gets toxic and the losign mid cbf playing anymore. Most common matchup I find difficult is Leblanc vs Kassadin, I could snowball if I get level 4 before him... but if I can't snowball before lvl 6, Kassadin will **** on me and there is nothing I can do. I'd rather have a close game than a 1 sided game, they are always more fun. Sure it does, but it requires that thing Riot keeps talking about being so vitally important: teamwork. So what if your solo lane opponent happens to get first blood (or perhaps even second as well) on you? Have your jungler give you a gank once or twice until successful at least once, and get back in the game. You know, teamwork. Reducing the impact of snowballing seems like it's reducing the impact of low level duels (whether due to strong picks or just player skill) and teamwork (ganks), both of which should be rewarded. If the opposing team can't cope with such successes by way of stepping up their game or getting support from their teammates, then they must suffer the consequences. Why should failure be rewarded by making recovery easier? I'm not saying that snowballing is altogether not a bad thing, but I think the changes to wards/vision alone would be a small enough change to impact it -- at least to test the waters to see if any further action is required to stymie the effect of snowballing. Wards behaving differently, not lasting as long, the per-character limitation on them mentioned in the link, etc...all things that could allow more frequent ganks to help recover from or outright prevent any potential snowballing in a more natural way. I just think that the more direct changes meant to impact snowballing are flying in the face of the very core of the game: teamwork (again). Solo laners and junglers can't work together properly in yolo queue, so Riot is making things easier for them. Rather than continuing to explain the importance of teamwork to LoL's lowest common denominators, demonstrating all the things teamwork makes possible (like recovering from bad early games), Riot just dumbs things down. Help the failures and make the successful work that much harder to continue to be successful; brilliant. Yes, that last bit was intended to be mildly exaggerated. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I kinda like the changes mentioned about supports. Support seems to be a strong role for me so anything that will beef me up in that department is nothing but good news. I hope the changes mentioned about more gold flow, and other stuff manage to work out. Then again if your one of the those people that rush philo stone like I am, I wonder if that will be a major advantage? I think they may probably put limits on it, but Im at least interested to see how it works out. Kinda so-so about how the snowballin thing goes, and the extra jungle camps. It sounds pretty promising so I guess we just gotta see how they go about it I guess. And of course we get to see the new items. You know one or two of them will always be Broken like hell (Remember Bortk's first release? LOL) Hopefully they changes they make to the pre existing items don't hurt me as much as they did when they nerfed Black Cleaver. *sniff-sniff* I miss the old you man. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 The jungle changes don't really matter to me as I don't jungle. I never bothered learning, though I should probably make that my goal next season; I can perform well in any lane, but put me in the jungle and I'm a fish out of water. Mostly because it seems most junglers require a dedicated rune setup to be truly successful, while I have a half-finished page made up mostly of attack speed runes >.> though I did that under tutelage of my friend who's plat on NA, so I assume it works for everything really. What really interests me are the changes to support. Support is my favoured role. Mostly because shortly before I hit 30, I started playing with a group of friends and none of them could support for crap. It led to me basically training in the role, to the point I struggled to play outside of it lol. The dedicated slot for wards makes me happy. My masteries for support fill up two slots already (1-min ward and the biscuit that heals/recovers mana) so alongside the rest of the wards, potions and sometimes the 180g mana recovery thing I forget the name of... >.> Definitely looking forward to it. Might actually try to play ranked more often. 
 Yeah support not having to be ward ***** exclusively is a step in the right direction assuming people make use of the extra slot. I know item space can be an actual issue mid to late game as you're finishing your build, but early on a lot of people just don't feel like they have to buy wards, like it's beneath their carry role or a waste of money. 

 The new changes look exciting. I'm definitely ready for some new things to do on LoL and a new meta to learn. Since I'm a dedicated support, I'm sure it will benefit my gameplay experience somehow. ^^V 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Yeah support not having to be ward ***** exclusively is a step in the right direction assuming people make use of the extra slot. I know item space can be an actual issue mid to late game as you're finishing your build, but early on a lot of people just don't feel like they have to buy wards, like it's beneath their carry role or a waste of money. I absolutely hate getting stuck with people who think only the support needs to ward. Then they whine because the enemy jungler scored an easy gank, purely because they were above warding their own lane. Like why exactly am I (according to these kinds of people) supposed to leave bot with just the adc, go back to base, buy more wards, and run up mid/top warding for them? Suck it, I'm not doing it. I'll spend my gold on wards for my own damn lane >.> 
 Ward changes have been announced. Originally Posted by Xypherous Hey all, Xypherous here with a rundown on our approach to vision in preseason. I've got a lot to cover, so I'm going to get right into it! In terms of our overarching goal: we want to add more gameplay with vision and how vision control works for everyone in this new season. We think the best way to do that is by diversifying responsibility. Looking at Season 3, standard competitive support play involved buying minimal items in order to spend the majority of a player's income on wards and vision control. More gold = more wards. If a team's support was unable to fulfill that role, or fell behind their opponent, the entire team suffered. With a new season comes a new approach to vision: vision will be a team focus rather than an individual one. Here we're introducing a number of changes to wards and the vision system that give all members of a team the responsibility and opportunity to participate: Ward functionality has been changed. Vision wards (pink wards) are no longer invisible. This makes their placement and protection more strategic in game Each player has a personal ward limit. If you place more wards on the map than allowed by this limit, your older wards will be removed (like the current Sightstone mechanics) All players gain trinkets. These are new items that do one of three things on an appropriate cooldown: place a ward for free, detect existing wards, or scan a distant point Let's get down to some specifics: Ward Functionality Changes Sight Wards (green wards) have been tentatively renamed to 'Stealth Wards' Vision Wards (pink wards) are now permanent unless destroyed, visible to the enemy team and have 5 hit points Vision Wards now cost less gold In the current live environment, pink wards are clearly better than green wards in every respect other than cost. This frequently leads to games in which the only end-game approach to warding was spamming as many Vision Wards as a player could afford - in turn forcing opponents to pick up pink wards to counter enemy pinks. What should be an interesting strategic decision became a flat arms race. With the new setup, the choices become more nuanced: Vision Wards still detect and reveal enemy wards, but, because they're always visible, must now be actively defended. Vision Wards will no longer both deny and grant vision unless your team has control of that area. Player Ward Limits Each player can now only place up to three Stealth Wards on the map. Placing extra Stealth Wards removes the oldest Stealth Ward. This includes wards from sources such as Sightstone, Wriggle's Lantern and trinkets Each players can now only place one Vision Ward on the map at a time We've decided to introduce ward limits as a way to cap the maximum amount of individual team member can contribute to the overall vision game. We're going to watch this one closely as limiting the number of wards per player can have dramatic consequences on overall map vision, especially during the end-game. Three and one felt like the right numbers, but we're open to feedback. Trinkets Trinkets are a completely new item type coming for Season 4. Here's how they work: A new Trinket Slot has been added to your inventory The Trinket Slot can only hold trinkets Trinkets are free and can be swapped out at the shop at any time Trinkets upgrade at Level 9, gaining either increased power or a lower cooldown Trinkets are free and have their own dedicated slot, so all team members can contribute to vision control without sacrificing other areas of development. The Three Trinkets Sweeper: Reveals and disables nearby invisible units (including Wards) for a short time The Sweeper Trinket is useful for denying enemy vision by revealing their nearby wards Totem: Places a Stealth Ward that lasts for 1 or 2 minutes depending on level The Totem Trinket acts like the current Wriggle's Lantern active. Stealth Wards grant full vision of a location for a brief time Lens: Reveals a nearby area of the map for a brief time The Lens Trinket operates like a mini Clairvoyance, revealing areas in the fog of war so teams can scout brush and other areas of the map from a position of relative safety We'd like to give players more unique options for interacting with vision. Each trinket replicates one of the essential basic vision mechanics and has an appropriate cooldown. We expect that teams will want a mix of vision options available to them in order to counter their opponents' potential vision choices. We're excited about the trinket system because it allows us to introduce a new way for everyone to participate in the vision game in ways that still offer specialization and customization. We're launching with a set of three trinkets because we wanted the simplest and clearest system possible, but we're open to expanding the system beyond the original three if it seems worthwhile. Summary The short rundown is that one of our main goals for this season is to make vision both more dynamic and less taxing on single players. Our hope is that these options make participating in the vision system more strategically varied for entire teams. We'll also be posting this on reddit where we may pass through to clarify some questions. At the start of next week we'll be doing a global recap to follow up with the most up-to-date information from questions around the world! http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/10...n-changes.html 

 I think Sweeper is going to screw up Teemo's game a lot. I approve. The limit to ward usage is a little meh, but I'm sure I'll learn to deal with it. 
 A nice blend of limiting vision while also making it much more widely usable/counterable. I like it. I can see junglers and some supports using the sweeper trinket, other supports using the lens, and everyone else using the totem. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 >O< am I the only one thinking those ward thingies are gonna be a bit OP and **** up quite a few champions? @Struggler, Idk about the jungler helping... from what I've experience with a jungler ganking me when I've got an extra item and level or 2, I can easily kill either the jungler/mid and if I'm diana I can get both of them. But then again, Xpekes or whoever plays jungle are rarely found in silver. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Struggler A nice blend of limiting vision while also making it much more widely usable/counterable. I like it. I can see junglers and some supports using the sweeper trinket, other supports using the lens, and everyone else using the totem. It'll probably be situational, but if there's a Shaco or Teemo on the opposing team, everyone will be going for Sweeper to counter their invisibility and boxes/shrooms. Hell it could be useful against Twitch too, though not as much. 
 OMG AFTER LIKE A YEAR I AM BACK IN LEAGUE. AND AM 100% COMMITTED TO REFORMING MY NON-EROTIC 5s TEAM. Except today it got a little erotic, APOLOGIES ALL AROUND. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU WATCH WHILE READING MY POSTS FOR FULL EFFECT OR DON"T AND WATCH ME NOT CARE
 Originally Posted by FROIDBUSTER OMG AFTER LIKE A YEAR I AM BACK IN LEAGUE. AND AM 100% COMMITTED TO REFORMING MY NON-EROTIC 5s TEAM. Except today it got a little erotic, APOLOGIES ALL AROUND. Joining as ADC, hit me up on NA Name is Nieyo WB FROID 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by FROIDBUSTER OMG AFTER LIKE A YEAR I AM BACK IN LEAGUE. AND AM 100% COMMITTED TO REFORMING MY NON-EROTIC 5s TEAM. Except today it got a little erotic, APOLOGIES ALL AROUND. Froid i saw you on! <---Nastradooomus I only play this game highly intoxicated though and to troll little babies. Carry me to victory. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Originally Posted by TonyTony Froid i saw you on! As did I. Assumed it was a ghost. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I'm up to hop on that team froid. and sup every one. I finally reached plat 5. Now to diamond next season. 
 I'm also up for the team, I'll just fill any roles you guys want me too, if I do join that is. Also, someone, hyper carry me one game pretty please C: ? I don't want to go back to booze 5, I just played my first game and oh dear sweet lords of hell, my team was half retarded just... Going in one by one and ezreal making us lose for his greedy ass that wanted a triple kill over defending our nexus. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Going back to the wards for a small bit; All I can say is that I think a limit of 3 per person is a way too small amount, I'd prefer at least 5 or something... Then again 9 out of 10 games during end game I have the entire map warded so that would be at least 20 wards per jungle... Murr murr >__> 
  Spoiler Dem winning streaks, only one thing I can say to booze 5 cuz raising mmr op.  Spoiler 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Changes to the support role have been announced. Hello Summoners, I'm here today to talk about supports - those zero-CS players who devote themselves (and their income) to warding my gank paths and protecting their team without any tangible character growth in the later parts of the game. As a merciless predator who feeds on the lowly support, I'd prefer to have a low-income, no-item target to prey on in the late game, but as a player and designer... ... fine. Your pleas have reached us. We have crafted a new world with our dark arts. Behold! How are Supports in the present day? First off, let's clarify who we're talking about. There are six roles in League of Legends: mage, assassin, tank, fighter, marksman and support. The current meta in League of Legends usually divvies up these roles into the following positions: top fighter, mid mage, jungler tank (or assassin), bottom marksman and bottom support. However, "support" is a blanket term that covers three overlapping, but different categories: Player who doesn't last hit while sharing a lane Dedicated ward dispenser Support champions While we've come to accept a single player performing all three of these roles, if you look closely, you'll see these roles fight each other: Players who don't last hit but share lane have minimal gold income Warding costs gold and warding power increases dramatically with additional wards placed Warding requires you to move away from your allies constantly Supportive champions want to be near teammates, protecting them From these points, we can see that 0-cs warding duo-lane support players are the poorest players with the highest consumable expenses and the lowest amount of character growth. Duo-laning support players are currently denied the second half of their growth story! What's changing in the preseason? We want both players in a shared lane to experience growth, item choice and the opportunity to get a full set of items. To get there, we are: Increasing the gold income for players who don't last hit Introducing bonus XP in jungle and lane for players who fall significantly behind their teammates Capping possible expenditures on wards per player Giving players access to free vision items, known as Trinkets (Please see Xypherous's vision post for details!) Additionally, new income comes in several forms: Masteries that grant bonus gold to players in a shared lane Improvements to our GP/5 items that reward effective support play Increased assist rewards for players who get significantly more assists than kills Increasing income, rewarding effective support play and giving everyone access to a basic vision item encourages team cooperation, rewards supportive players and gives everyone the opportunity to participate in the vision game. Outside of the vision changes, what's happening to address the above? First I'll touch on those assist streaks. We're making it so that players who have significantly more assists than kills will get additional income per assist. If a player does secure a kill, the extra gold from the kill will offset their temporarily decreased gold gain from extra assists. In addition to assist streaks, we're exploring masteries that provide additional early game income and we've added items that allow support players to gain additional income for supporting their allies, taking objectives and setting up team fights. Let's look at a few of the work-in-progress items that I'm talking about: Philosopher's Stone grants gold every 10 seconds. When a nearby ally kills a minion, you earn gold. Executioner's Emblem executes minions below 200 health and grants gold to both you and the nearest ally when you last hit. Your ally gains a small gold bonus on top of this. This effect can happen up to twice a minute. Spellthief's Blade makes it so that your spells and basic attacks against enemy champions grant you gold. It cannot affect the same target more than once every 10 seconds and last hitting an enemy disables this effect for 10 seconds. Access to these items will allow you to specialize your income to fit your playstyle. How does this change my experience as a support player? In a long game, shared lane supports should now expect to be purchasing real items alongside their boots and Sightstone. They'll still have the biggest impact on vision, but now will have combat stats to make them feel like a more full and complete character. A balanced support champion will be splitting their time between warding, helping allies push lanes to take towers and participating in combat to save allies and kill enemies. As a side effect of these changes, we're also taking a close look at core supports: Janna, Sona, Nami, Soraka, Lulu, Taric, etc. Champions designed specifically as supports have historically been balanced to have negligible income so, if left alone with all that gold, they'll either become overtuned mages or be replaced completely by non-support champions who can outscale them in damage once they hit the midgame. Rather than wholesale nerfing these champions, we're looking at opportunities to make their unique aspects scale with AP or other stats. For example, the bonus AD on Janna's shield and the movement speed granted by Nami's passive will now scale with Ability Power. Our hope is that support champions in shared lanes can select AP or CDR items they find appealing. This will, in turn, give them a more distinct identity as champions that excel at helping their teammates and being supportive rather than just dealing more damage. Hopefully this gives all you support players some things to look forward to in preseason. We're going to be aggressively tuning these changes but our core philosophy will remain the same: let every champion in League of Legends experience real growth throughout the game, regardless of their position or role. We'll also be posting this on reddit where we may pass through to clarify some questions. At the start of next week we'll be doing a global recap to follow up with the most up-to-date information from questions around the world! -Xelnath (Wizardlock, Right Hand of the 7th Order of Obsidian Blackfire Ebonstone Dark Witchlords)" http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/10...t-changes.html The post goes on to provide examples of upcoming new items meant to help supports, including this support tank item: Martyr's Call: +300 health +10 health regen per 5 Unique Active: Consume 20% of your current health to give 10% of your max health as a shield to target ally." 

 Martyr's Call: +300 health +10 health regen per 5 Unique Active: Consume 20% of your current health to give 10% of your max health as a shield to target ally." That's an item active/ability that people have been talking about liking to see added for a long time. Seems Riot's finally going to do it. I always figured it would find its way into a new champ's kit, rather than an item's active, myself. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler people have been talking about liking to see added for a long time. Seems Riot's finally going to do it God. We're going to hear this for every goddamn change, aren't we? 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai God. We're going to hear this for every goddamn change, aren't we? Definitely. I said it this one time so it's a pretty fair assumption that I'm going to repeat it for every single change that comes out in the future. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
