http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?107811-Bloodiest-anime-ever/page15
 Bloodiest anime ever? - Page 15
 I'd say it's a tie between deadman wonderland and angel cop 
 i'm not really sure..but i think it's Elfen Lied XD 
 thanks for my friend for making me this cute signature! <3  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/sachiko-03 
 I think the most i have seen was in Fate when shirou shoots blood out like a power hose every time he gets hit. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Definitely Elfen lied or Berserk. That scene in Code Geass where  Spoiler Euphemia killed all of the japanese was pretty bloody though. 

 Shigurui, even though the anime was incomplete -______- 

 I'm a bit new to anime but i've both Elfen Lied and High of the Dead. They have a good amount of blood and nice story lines as well. 
 hellsing, elfen lied, gantz, afro samurai, devil may cry 
 The anime that is actually called "blood" 

 Elfen lied and Corpse Party 
~~~~~The voting options are endless on animecharts.net! Please come and join our growing page! Vote and discuss all your favorite animes, mangas and much more ~~~~~ http://animecharts.net/
 Corpse Party 

 I would have to say NightWalker. Was made in the late 90's and unfortunately has no short clips I can present. They do have episodes up on youtube however. I just bought my collection and highly prefer it in English. 
 Things like Shigurui and Ninja Scroll, Hellsing, are definitely up there, others are encroaching Elfen Lied level but not quite that bloody. 
 Well I'm watching The legend of legendary heroes and its pretty bloody. May not be the bloodiest anime but it's pretty bloody :/ 
 I would have to say...Hellsing, Deadman Wonderland, and Elfen Lied 
There is a "You" there will always be a "You" and you should never be a "Wanna Be" or "Someone Else" 
 Elfen lied is pretty bloody so is corpse party. 

 elfen lied. lots of blood being spilt in that series. there was almost too much. (/.\) 

 Berserk. The manga is worse. I actually felt sick at some points. It's bloody and disgusting. The manga is highly disturbing but also a masterpiece. 
 To my knowledge Elfin Lied. I might watch it again, when I have the time. I'm too busy to watch it with all of the office work I need to get caught up on...except why the hell I'm posting on this forum if I'm that busy? 
 Why dont you say Claymore? Bcause of color blood? Claymore have too much violence.. 
 Elfen Lied and Higurashi were pretty bloody. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 if u want to watch the bloodiest movie ever watch brain dead(also called dead alive).not an anime but it is directed by peter jackson 
 Definitely Elfen Lied and Corpse Party(especially the games and manga since the anime isn't full) 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 I'd have to agree with everyone here. Elfen Lied and Corpse Party are pretty bloody. 

 Uhh... I think Hellsing has all of them beat, Never seen so much blood :O...but then again a lot of the Vampire series of anime have a large amount of blood duh... 

 Originally Posted by Freemasonry Uhh... I think Hellsing has all of them beat, Never seen so much blood :O...but then again a lot of the Vampire series of anime have a large amount of blood duh... All of last episodes of Hellsing series have a giant bloodpool. Yeah you just found it; Hellsing is most bloody anime. 
  Spoiler Watch the video of her by clicking to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duiPO...tailpage#t=486 I need permanent love. I need to escape from my homeland. Bodies are just shell and gender is not important. I am just alone and this is boring as death.. And now, stop wasting my youth! Am i troll? No. Did i harm you? Never. I am harmless, so please love me. If you cry, i will cry more
