http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159497-Super-Powered/page3
[OOC] Super-Powered - Page 3
 Timeline:  Spoiler 2019 - Coexisting realities somehow mesh and created a single, blended universe. This comes at a price though. The dimensions were shattered and destroyed, their fragments and unique influences accumulating into a singular standard universe. The single surviving universe is mostly unaware of the tragic collapse of the other realms, yet is still firmly tethered to each different dimensions. The different energies from the separate realms begin to affect the Earth, which absorbs the brunt of the explainable science and magic that radiated from the Earths of the other universes. Externally, all seems nominal, but mankind is changed forever. 2025 - Mutations and oddities in the human genome arise. Powers and abilities have been imbued to all ages of human beings. The world tries to make sense of this sudden change, and slowly things begin to spiral into political, scientific, occult, and humanitarian topics of debate...as well as military. Not much technological progress is made in the next handful of years, things remain as they were in the past decade. 2029 - Roughly one third of world population is deleted by the mentally deranged supervillain know as God. Remaining population recovers from the recent, tense few years. God vanishes, and a new world order is established. 2033 - Superheroes rise up to combat supervillains, and society teeters on the balance of military avarice, the control of government over superhumans, and forces unknown. Setting: Alpha City, located somewhere on the eastern seaboard of the United States of America. It is the largest civilized location in the country. Alpha City is extremely modern, and is a hub for international tourism due to its polished, modern urban environment and status as the USA's new center of command. Alpha City is a massive location that connects to many rivers and oceans. It possesses truly magnificent architecture, such as towering skyscrapers and contemporary capital buildings. It has many separate districts, which behave like slices of the USA of old. For example: one district is a nexus for fashion and technology, while another behaves more like Hollywood, along with a separate district that performs heavy agricultural production. The local government of the area includes a mayor, governor, and finally a small senatorial committee that is superior to both figure-head political leaders of the state and township. As expressed in the timeline, technology hasn't evolved much from current times. The relations between different nations remains the same as they always were, albeit slackened a slight bit due to the mass erasing of a massive chunk of the world's population. However, due to the blending of alternate realities humanity now possesses a plethora of superhumans ranging from all age groups. Discrimination is low, at least in the USA, but there are political and military complications with the arrival of these strange new human beings. For now, things are relatively stable and balanced. Legions and alliances have been cemented, and all good people desire for a peaceful existence. However, the flaws of humanity still provoke certain individuals or groups of people to commit violent acts for personal gain. Supervillains now add to the ranks of burglar, murderer, terrorist, and more. The Roleplay: Create a character who fits into this universe, who shall be on the side of good, evil, or behave a neutral player. With the supervillain known as God having vanished, there are still powerful and evil superhumans who plot and enact harmful deeds upon society. Alpha City is home to more than its fair share of gangs and criminals, as well as supervillains. Mayor Hughemeyer has established a central command tower within a skyscraper that handles all superhumans related crimes. It is run by a special superhuman police division, that is well funded and ever ready to carry out justice, protecting and serving the people of the city. This division is headed by a man named Commissioner Arden, a very competent and well-aged man who handles the complicated matters of superhuman and normal citizen issues rather well. Your character is new to the whole hero/villain business, but that does not mean they are naive or completely lacking of knowledge in their field. Express their backstories well, take care to touch upon contemporary events or issues in order to add that flavor of realism to your already inhuman personality. A strong supervillain is plotting from the shadows, behaving as an anonymous threat to a vast majority of the city. Your character starts off in a district of Alpha City, creating their origin story by improvising from the setting they inhabit. Heroes generally work for the good of the citizens. Villains desire to satisfy their personal desires, and do not care if harm must come to the rest of society - they might even find pleasure in it. Neutrals have lesser roles in the overall events of the Roleplay, but still contribute solid influence to the direction of the plot. Alpha City - Fashion + Tech District: Criminal hackers are blackmailing and extorting private information as well as vast amounts of money from the various establishments of the region. One major company called "Varrion", known for its banking and vast amount of subscriptions, has invested in enormous cyber-security defenses to combat these expert technophile criminals. Still, the drug-ridden gangs and dramatic struggle of law enforcement against the flashy supervillains of the region persists and festers in this seedy district. Alpha City - Glam District: Known for its amazing penthouse industry, beaches, and celebrity hotspots, this district has its fair share of organized crime units and collective supervillain groups. The number of psychologically disturbed criminals is on the rise, which harms even the most innocent members of society. There is a rise of public shootings and grotesque homicides, and some whisper that the work of demonic, satanic, or occult influences have a firm grasp in this district of sin. Character Sheet below Maximum of three, with expendable minor characters being an exception Be UNIQUE Name: Age: Gender: Alias: Power: (limited to three, must have a weakness on par with the strength of your ability and cannot be overpowered) Affiliation: Hero/Villain/Neutral Physical Appearance: "Super" Appearance: (costume/uniform) Personality: Backstory: Rules: 1. Listen to me. You can dispute things with me, I have an open mind and encourage people to help enjoy the story as much as I enjoy making it. Just remember to listen, stay calm and be free to ask questions. If I put my foot down on something, then it is the end of discussion. 2. Do not have a bad attitude. Arguments or concerns are quite welcome to be discussed in the OOC thread. Still, trolling/flaming will result in a ban. 3. Do not abuse the leeway you have in creating super powers/abilities. Stay realistic and provide a decent explanation of the mechanics of your character's power(s). 4. Do NOT rip things off of copy a majority of other concepts or ideas. Inspiration and originality love each other, remember that well. 5. I acknowledge that players might want to have personal plot events to add more life to the story. Be sure to clear it with me first through a PM, and educate the other players as you see fit. Just don't wrestle control of the plot away from me and create something that affects the story in a massive, irreversible way. Obviously I won't let that slide, so moderate your aspirations. 6. Extended leaves of absences, the limit being a week and a half of no activity with no prior warning will result in a ban. I'll handle how your character(s) plays into the Roleplay. Submit your characters and have fun. Roster Shmuser Name Evander Harrington, Hero, Nimbus (NPC) Riya C., Neutral, Blacklist (NPC) Sin Shaman + Wisp, Villain (NPC) Howard Strey, Hero, Luminary (NPC) 4XDBlack Charles, Hero, Silent Knight (PC) Don Hubbard, Villain, The Divine Rector (PC) Joseph, Hero (PC) AKALONELYFREAK Nikov Zerel, Villain, Zero Kay (PC) Lillith Von Boch Makila Maddy, Neutral, Fallen Angel (PC) Randoms Edmond Grandure, Villain (PC) Emily, Neutral (PC) Kuze the Devil Von, Neutral (PC) Dust2Dust Omega, Mana, Neutral (PC) 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 01-30-2015 at 08:08 PM. 
