http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159747-ABC-News-does-piece-on-video-games-lulz-are-had/page2
 ABC News does piece on video games, lulz are had - Page 2
 A couple of days ago, Nightline, an ABC News segment, aired a piece on GamerGate and video games in general. For those of you who were around in the late 90's/early 2000's, you went through the Jack Thompson media storm when he called video games "murder simulators," "mental masturbation," and Japanese video games "Pearl Harbor 2," this is essentially the same thing. In Anita's defense she doesn't call Japanese video games another Pearl Harbor, but she did have this to say about Japan: “The US bombed them back to traditional values – feminism does not exist in Japan. While I don’t like judging an entire culture…that does not excuse them.” I'm not sure what it is with armchair sociologists and their fascination with Japan's military history, but I guess Anita decided that Pearl Harbor analogies weren't good enough and had to pick at a scab as horrible as the bombings of hundreds of thousands of people, many of whom were women and children. Anyway, here are some highlights from the video: 1. Host takes two seconds to say that video games contain violent depictions of rape. wut 2. Same non-analytic, one-sided journalism as we've come to expect of anything about games. Yawn. 3. Within 12 hours of video being posted, ABC starts shadowbanning people and deleting comments from the comments page because those comments have more likes than the video itself, sitting at 95% downvotes. 4. Anita suggesting that playing video games causes misogyny. For anybody who wants to doubt point 4, here are the words from her mouth: Games have a huge impact on our society, so it's not just fantasy... it actually works to potentially reinforce some pretty harmful messages about women. Anyway, welcome to 2015: where video games don't cause violence, but they do cause sexism! Are you guys also enjoying the mass hysteria narrative being pushed by the media about games? Who else is enjoying the Jack Thompson logic in mainstream media? 
 
