http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154343-Option-to-Agree-Disagree-or-Like-Dislike-posts/page2
 Option to Agree/Disagree or Like/Dislike posts. - Page 2
 Forums really arnt suited for misc chatter though. I know the forums ive run in the past were focused on discussion, while other aspects were handled by other means. But for discusion to thrive moderation is very important and very difficult. 
 ^I'm thinking the point of "misc chatter" is to let members of the community have a way to better communicate and get to know each other. VM's and PM's are great but not everyone is willing to simply leave a random message on someone's profile so they can initiate a conversation. Also, the Chatbox was an interesting recent addition, as it does allow many in the community to actually converse fluidly in a way that you cannot get with messaging. It does seem a lot less active though than I had originally anticipated. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Keep that dumb 'like' sh*t on #Facebook and keep that even dumber 'like' and 'dislike' sh*t on #YouTube. We had it before, people kiss ass and prostitute for likes and it even becomes a stupid competition between members to say that one is better than another. If you like a comment so much, POSITIVELY respond to it in the 'REPLY WITH QUOTE' area and give enough substance in your post to say why you think positively of what that person said, for it isn't spam and you can elaborate why you like their post. Same but reverse on why you 'dislike' a post. Click on the 'REPLY WITH QUOTE' option under the name "Lily Hardcore" and say why you dislike my post with elaboration. Most likely, knowing this community, you can find many reasons why you dislike my post that being able to say enough and is of good quality, for it isn't spam, should never really be a challenge to do. 
 Last edited by Lily Hardcore; 12-25-2013 at 03:18 AM. Reason: I f*ck this flow! #SWAG! 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 It's not necessary to be rude in replying to a suggestion, even if most of the staff agree we will not be implementing that suggestion. 
 Sig by Shannon Apple Go take this survey, help us make A4 better! I said I never had much use for one. Never said I didn't know how to use it. -Matthew Quigley 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 I think the stagnation has more to do with the admins than anything else really lol. I love when you just throw guesses to the wind. Actually it has nothing to do with the admins considering A4 has changed so much in recent times and the site has been as active as it's always been. Staff do regular Skype calls to discuss A4s progress. Of course not during the holidays. We used to use Skype to communicate back in the day and that has returned as a more organised thing since it's a great way of keeping the ball rolling. So, let's not speak up where you know nothing, eh? I did notice that there is a switch-around in activity. More people seem to be posting in the anime forums than in GNAD. It sometimes swings the other way with no posts on Anime. I honestly can't see that 180 as being a bad thing. The chatbox seems to have absorbed all the terrible topics that would otherwise be in GNAD which has a positive effect on the anime topics. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Regardless of the ideas merits I have to admit that I'm getting a little sick of our continued stubbornness in embracing new things. As a forum, we've changed so little over the entirety of my time here and have stagnated as a result. We're at the point now where we won't even try things anymore. Sure ideas fail but a slight change could make it work and make it fit our community better. All the hand-wringing of what could go wrong just ultimately leads to everything staying exactly the same. It's pretty boring, and it's probably a huge contributor to our inability to attract new users and keep the place fresh. I've felt that way for awhile now. Finally someone speaks up and tells the truth, lord knows the people of A4 need to hear it. This community is so stuck in their ways, thus leaving it open for little to no improvements at all. Every idea automatically gets shunned. Since I've been here, I haven't seen anyone's suggestions get implemented. A thread for a suggestion could get good feedback, the idea can sound great but, it would never get implemented. This in a way can lead to things like less activity, less participation, people being reluctant to bring up new ideas, etc... Maybe, if the community took a second to get their heads out of their a**es we could all come up with innovative ideas as a community on how we can improve this forum drastically so it won't be so dead all of the time, and maybe if we do that we can start gaining new members. Even though I'm saying this nothing will be done as usual. People are going to just sit idly by as this site slowly fades out due to lack of participation and activity. It's honestly sad to know that if we took some minor risk we could really improve this site for the better, but A4 is known as being stuck in it's ways forever, oh well. 
 Last edited by Tαќeshi; 12-26-2013 at 03:34 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi I've felt that way for awhile now. Finally someone speaks up and tells the truth, lord knows the people of A4 need to hear it. This community is so stuck in their ways, thus leaving it open for little to no improvements at all. Every idea automatically gets shunned. Since I've been here, I haven't seen anyone's suggestions get implemented. A thread for a suggestion could get good feedback, the idea can sound great but, it would never get implemented. This in a way can lead to things like less activity, less participation, people being reluctant to bring up new ideas, etc... Maybe, if the community took a second to get their heads out of their a**es we could all come up with innovative ideas as a community on how we can improve this forum drastically so it won't be so dead all of the time, and maybe if we do that we can start gaining new members. Even though I'm saying this nothing will be done as usual. People are going to just sit idly by as this site slowly fades out due to lack of participation and activity. It's honestly sad to know that if we took some minor risk we could really improve this site for the better, but A4 is known as being stuck in it's ways forever, oh well. In the end its up to the forum admin to decide. Its his free time, he has to add all the things in to the forum which can be a lot of work. You can't just be like "Hey I want a like feature, can you add it in please" basically what you are saying is "hey I want a like feature but you will have to go through all the trouble finding one and installing one, can you do it for me please?" As far as I know Shian has a full time job. He doesn't add things to A4 on the fly, hell even banners can take up to 3 weeks after the deadline to put up. Now consider things like a like feature. Shian does add features to A4, only when all the mods agree to it and when he has free time, which is in his vacation. You can't just pull the "this forum is so dull, the moderators suck. Nothing gets implemented" thing when Shian has single handedly created the entire forum lay-out we are using not too long ago and even recently updated it with images of the current airing anime. Moderators don't have the absolute word in what gets implemented. They just give Shian suggestions. In the end its the forum owner's website and his choice. - Honestly though, if you want your feature added be serious about it. write up a essay. The OP of this thread is the worst example, two sentences. The mods aren't even going to forward such a thing to Shian. If its good the mods will look at it. if its gets too much negative feedback it will be a declined. In all my years on this forum I've never seen anyone make a real effort on getting something added to the forum. Its no small thing. its something all forum members will experience, if you want something big to happen. Give it up big. Show how much you want it. Go as far as searching vbulletin, search for the feature you want added. do research on it. TLDR: Its Shian that spends hours adding something in, he has a full time job. Want him to add something in with his little time off? Make a real effort in your opening post. 
 Last edited by Ta-Ka; 12-26-2013 at 10:11 AM. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ In the end its up to the forum admin to decide. Its his free time, he has to add all the things in to the forum which can be a lot of work. You can't just be like "Hey I want a like feature, can you add it in please" basically what you are saying is "hey I want a like feature but you will have to go through all the trouble finding one and installing one, can you do it for me please?" As far as I know Shian has a full time job. He doesn't add things to A4 on the fly, hell even banners can take up to 3 weeks after the deadline to put up. Now consider things like a like feature. Shian does add features to A4, only when all the mods agree to it and when he has free time, which is in his vacation. You can't just pull the "this forum is so dull, the moderators suck. Nothing gets implemented" thing when Shian has single handedly created the entire forum lay-out we are using not too long ago and even recently updated it with images of the current airing anime. Moderators don't have the absolute word in what gets implemented. They just give Shian suggestions. In the end its the forum owner's website and his choice. TLR: Its Shian that spends hours adding something in, he has a full time job. Want him to add something in with his little time off? Make a real effort in your opening post. Honestly though, if you want your feature added be serious about it. write up a essay. The OP of this thread is the worst example, two sentences. The mods aren't even going to forward such a thing to Shian. If its good the mods will look at it. if its gets too much negative feedback it will be a declined. In all my years on this forum I've never seen anyone make a real effort on getting something added to the forum. Its no small thing. its something all forum members will experience, if you want something big to happen. Give it up big. Show how much you want it. Go as far as searching vbulletin, search for the feature you want added. do research on it. I completely understand that it's all up to him, and I get that he is busy working, most of us are, but you can't really use that as an excuse. I know everyone isn't the same but I know an actual forum admin who works full time and is busy with life but still implements new things and ideas into that said forum. The feedback is really great from the community also, because it isn't just mod driven as far as decisions go. Let me take a moment to address what you quoted also. I've never said once in my statement above that the mods suck, at all so please don't put words in my mouth. I simply stated that most of the staff and community are stuck in their ways and do not welcome change because they're afraid of taking risks, but back to what I was saying before. I don't think our tenure on this forum is long at all to be honest, me and you haven't really been here too long to notice what has been done in the past and I know you mentioned that you personally haven't seen any ideas really get brought up by anyone since you've been here but that doesn't mean people haven't tried their hardest to get something done in the past. Automatically when somebody brings something up it can sound really good and refreshing but the people of A4 will automatically put it down because they know that nothing has ever gotten done before so why would it get done now? Because certain things have had bad turn outs in the past the staff just shoots down any possibility of it happening because they think it'll have the same turn out. In the other forum I am part of this is how it goes. You present a suggestion that sounds really good and the community gives good feedback on it, and not only the community but the mods definitely aren't afraid of backing your suggestions as well right along with admins if they find it to be good. The suggestion gets looked at by either one of the two top admins and there is a great chance that your suggestion will be implemented. It just seems like there is way too many excuses being thrown around as to why things can't be done. Truth is, if you really wanted something done it would get done. You can show as much initiative as you want but if people don't get their heads out of their a** then things are never going to be done. I'm 100% positive if new things were implemented the community would respond in a great way and their would be way more activity and member signups then there are now. 
 @Takeshi I can sit here and talk about all the initiative that I've ever done which... I can almost say the vast majority of you guys, staff included, will never ever see. There are remnants of that everywhere, and you can easily find it if you know how to search for it. I created entire systems, put up all kinds of development work, some of which were literally a switch a way from being turned on. Much of the things that occur on A4 are done because either it was an idea we all wanted that turned out to suck, or it's an idea that turns out to suck even more than previously thought to have sucked. As a community, A4 isn't strong enough to gain the traction it needs to build the kind of things we need to build, specifically because no one here is willing to step up nor are they able to actually put in the time to do that kind of work. The last two people who could've done anything close to what I do now, Clintonio and Kouketsu, are either not here anymore because of, well, reasons. The only other person, besides myself, is the site owner and he has his own stuff hes juggling over at http://www.technibble.com/ , you know, a site that makes money. A4 makes absolutely zero. We've talked and talked and talked about how to make money on an anime site, but to be quite honest, anime and the majority of Japanese niche doesn't make money, unless you were one of the lucky few who had the finances to do Crunchyroll or ANN. -- You can talk about having the initiative, but I've yet seen it. It's actually a bit disheartening. I truly want the community to show some of that zest and vigor so I can have some of that energy to build off on, but it's almost always me and the staff trying to do everything. At one point, we even tried posting lengthy discussion value topics for a month straight to see if we can steer the community back to where it once was during the early days when you had people like Lance posting essays and essays about a topic which generated long essay responses. That doesn't happen anymore. -- So, as the admin speaking to you guys now, candidly, how does an Option to Agree, Disagree, Like or Dislike a post add to A4, in any respect? Personally to me, I don't see it and the reason why I don't see it is because if you do have an opinion and you do agree or disagree, I would see that in responses and in discussion value. Both of which, I hardly see anyways. So why does a button have such a significant value to you? Is it to say that you read a post and liked it. Or is it to say that you read a post and hated it? Are you afraid of responding to a post? As a community built on personality and the people in it, one of which I've always adored or loathed, I always appreciated the fact that I know you guys better because you guys talk. I always hated the +1 and "Like" buttons because I don't know how you guys feel or how you think. This is one of the reasons why I keep coming back to A4, time and time again, because of the people on it. Some of my longest, lasting relationships have been built on A4's predecessor, Animenet (where a lot of the early members migrated from). It's where Ian and I came from, it's where I met one of my longest lasting relationships and the one that affected me the most, it's where some of my earliest friends came from and they're the people I still talk to. Over the years, I have had stronger and stronger ties to people who talk to me on A4 and those are the people I know the best. Even people who have long left A4, I still talk to them and they still talk to me for the very reason that a button would never be able to express. Having discussions and talking to each other is how we used to also decide who would eventually become moderators. One of the many reasons why I culled the staff and we're as lean as we are now. So you tell me, can a button really, honestly accomplish half of the things that I've noticed and experienced above? Because I don't think it can and I think it harms you guys more than it benefit you guys. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi I completely understand that it's all up to him, and I get that he is busy working, most of us are, but you can't really use that as an excuse. I know everyone isn't the same but I know an actual forum admin who works full time and is busy with life but still implements new things and ideas into that said forum. The feedback is really great from the community also, because it isn't just mod driven as far as decisions go. Let me take a moment to address what you quoted also. I've never said once in my statement above that the mods suck, at all so please don't put words in my mouth. I simply stated that most of the staff and community are stuck in their ways and do not welcome change because they're afraid of taking risks, but back to what I was saying before. I don't think our tenure on this forum is long at all to be honest, me and you haven't really been here too long to notice what has been done in the past and I know you mentioned that you personally haven't seen any ideas really get brought up by anyone since you've been here but that doesn't mean people haven't tried their hardest to get something done in the past. Automatically when somebody brings something up it can sound really good and refreshing but the people of A4 will automatically put it down because they know that nothing has ever gotten done before so why would it get done now? Because certain things have had bad turn outs in the past the staff just shoots down any possibility of it happening because they think it'll have the same turn out. In the other forum I am part of this is how it goes. You present a suggestion that sounds really good and the community gives good feedback on it, and not only the community but the mods definitely aren't afraid of backing your suggestions as well right along with admins if they find it to be good. The suggestion gets looked at by either one of the two top admins and there is a great chance that your suggestion will be implemented. It just seems like there is way too many excuses being thrown around as to why things can't be done. Truth is, if you really wanted something done it would get done. You can show as much initiative as you want but if people don't get their heads out of their a** then things are never going to be done. I'm 100% positive if new things were implemented the community would respond in a great way and their would be way more activity and member signups then there are now. Erhm it is a valid excuse actually. I don't think you've ever made a forum before let alone know anything about programming. A4 is living off Bryce's pocket money and Shian's knowledge. Shian not wanting to spend 20 hours of his time or more on making a feature work really is a excuse. Sorry mate. "I've never said once in my statement above that the mods suck, at all so please don't put words in my mouth." you really do come off as that in your previous post. "I simply stated that most of the staff and community are stuck in their ways and do not welcome change because they're afraid of taking risks, but back to what I was saying before." Thats the thing, they are not afraid of taking risks. They are speaking from experience. They obviously have done things before in the past and are not willing to do a bad thing again. Its not about taking risks, its about not wanting to do something ridiculous twice. "I don't think our tenure on this forum is long at all to be honest, me and you haven't really been here too long to notice what has been done in the past and I know you mentioned that you personally haven't seen any ideas really get brought up by anyone since you've been here but that doesn't mean people haven't tried their hardest to get something done in the past." Don't put me in the same shoes as you, I've been on this forum for a good 3 years, I've seen things happen. I'm pretty good friends with all of the mods, I've heard some stories and been linked to threads you don't even want to see. There is a search button, you can find suggestion threads that have been passed before. I have seen threads from the past, but haven't seen any of those pop up new. "Because certain things have had bad turn outs in the past the staff just shoots down any possibility of it happening because they think it'll have the same turn out." If its a bad Idea then YES. Of course. I'm all for second chances but lets be real. If people are really against an idea. That will most likely be abused, or result in continues circle jerking I don't see why it should be shot down. "I'm 100% positive if new things were implemented the community would respond in a great way and their would be way more activity and member signups then there are now." Like I said Its not like everything gets shot down. I'm just saying something a person wrote up as a suggestion thread within 15 seconds won't be even forwarded to an admin. Originally Posted by Shian Kiri @ Personally to me, I don't see it and the reason why I don't see it is because if you do have an opinion and you do agree or disagree, I would see that in responses and in discussion value. Both of which, I hardly see anyways. So why does a button have such a significant value to you? There you go, a valid reason why this can't pass. If this turns into anything like facebook where people don't make posts but just hit a button instead, it would hurt A4 instead of making it more fun. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Shian Kiri @Takeshi I can sit here and talk about all the initiative that I've ever done which... I can almost say the vast majority of you guys, staff included, will never ever see. There are remnants of that everywhere, and you can easily find it if you know how to search for it. I created entire systems, put up all kinds of development work, some of which were literally a switch a way from being turned on. Much of the things that occur on A4 are done because either it was an idea we all wanted that turned out to suck, or it's an idea that turns out to suck even more than previously thought to have sucked. As a community, A4 isn't strong enough to gain the traction it needs to build the kind of things we need to build, specifically because no one here is willing to step up nor are they able to actually put in the time to do that kind of work. The last two people who could've done anything close to what I do now, Clintonio and Kouketsu, are either not here anymore because of, well, reasons. The only other person, besides myself, is the site owner and he has his own stuff hes juggling over at http://www.technibble.com/ , you know, a site that makes money. A4 makes absolutely zero. We've talked and talked and talked about how to make money on an anime site, but to be quite honest, anime and the majority of Japanese niche doesn't make money, unless you were one of the lucky few who had the finances to do Crunchyroll or ANN. -- You can talk about having the initiative, but I've yet seen it. It's actually a bit disheartening. I truly want the community to show some of that zest and vigor so I can have some of that energy to build off on, but it's almost always me and the staff trying to do everything. At one point, we even tried posting lengthy discussion value topics for a month straight to see if we can steer the community back to where it once was during the early days when you had people like Lance posting essays and essays about a topic which generated long essay responses. That doesn't happen anymore. -- So, as the admin speaking to you guys now, candidly, how does an Option to Agree, Disagree, Like or Dislike a post add to A4, in any respect? Personally to me, I don't see it and the reason why I don't see it is because if you do have an opinion and you do agree or disagree, I would see that in responses and in discussion value. Both of which, I hardly see anyways. So why does a button have such a significant value to you? Is it to say that you read a post and liked it. Or is it to say that you read a post and hated it? Are you afraid of responding to a post? As a community built on personality and the people in it, one of which I've always adored or loathed, I always appreciated the fact that I know you guys better because you guys talk. I always hated the +1 and "Like" buttons because I don't know how you guys feel or how you think. This is one of the reasons why I keep coming back to A4, time and time again, because of the people on it. Some of my longest, lasting relationships have been built on A4's predecessor, Animenet (where a lot of the early members migrated from). It's where Ian and I came from, it's where I met one of my longest lasting relationships and the one that affected me the most, it's where some of my earliest friends came from and they're the people I still talk to. Over the years, I have had stronger and stronger ties to people who talk to me on A4 and those are the people I know the best. Even people who have long left A4, I still talk to them and they still talk to me for the very reason that a button would never be able to express. Having discussions and talking to each other is how we used to also decide who would eventually become moderators. One of the many reasons why I culled the staff and we're as lean as we are now. So you tell me, can a button really, honestly accomplish half of the things that I've noticed and experienced above? Because I don't think it can and I think it harms you guys more than it benefit you guys. I have personally seen ways to have a regular anime forum make money. One specific way that comes to mind automatically is a premium membership. This is basically what you can get with their premium membership, and believe it or not people actually do support this site. EDIT: Please ignore the links in the quote below. Premium Membership. What is premium and why? Premium Members are people that donate to this site, and donations help with the server costs and such, and helps to keep this site going and helps it improve too. Because they donate to support us, we give something back to them, by giving them a few perks on the forum. How to donate/buy Premium Membership? Premium Purchase Process by Whitebeard Prices: 1 Month - 5 USD 2 Months - 9 USD 3 Months - 13 USD 6 Months - 25 USD 1 Year - 45 USD Perks: Username: People who have purchased Premium Membership get a username color/glow and a skull in front: Additionally Premium Members can request username change at any time, in this thread: Premium Name Change Thread Note: You will not be able to see the thread unless you have Premium Membership. User Titles: People with Premium Membership get a userbar under their name where usually the user-title is. Should you wish to remove the userbar and use a user title instead, can you do so in the UserCP: Spoiler! The Userbar: Premium Members also get to have two lines in the user-title and have custom userbars. Examples: Spoiler! Note: Once you get Premium Membership, you can contact me(and only me, don't bother the other admins) to set up your usertitle. Also I reserve the right to not allow you to have a custom userbar if its inappropriate or such. Private Messages: Inbox size is increased to 2500 (Inbox size for normal members is 150). Maximum Recipients to Send PMs at a time is increased to 15 (10 for normal members) Others: Premium Members can delete their own threads, also they can close or open their threads. Invisible mode: Premium Members get the option to appear offline to other members (you can activate it in the UserCP -> General Settings) Hide Reputation: Premium Members can hide their reputation from others if they want to. (you can activate it in the UserCP -> General Settings) Avatar size is increase from 150x200 to 150x300 for Premium Members. Signature: Maximum amount of pictures/videos in signature has been increased from 2 to 3, also maximum lines allowed in the signature has also been increased from 7 to 10. Social Groups: Premium Members can create 10 Social Groups (5 for normal members) and the can also delete social groups that they have created. Maximum album pictures increased from 100 to 300. Additional Info: Usertitle perks are removed upon expiration of Premium Membership, meaning usertitle is reset upon expiration. Avatars: When you have Premium Membership you can have 150x300, once Premium Membership expire, you still have the 150x300, but once you try to change it, you can only have 150x200. The usertitle glow + icon can be changed if there is a lot of requests from the Premium Members. Thank you to everyone that have purchased Premium Membership and supported this site, it is greatly appreciated. I didn't really skim through it all and I don't know if it was mentioned but their is also a new section that gets unlocked for premium members only, and it's basically similar to what I heard you guys had once before called fun and games or something like that, but nonetheless the turnout was very good. Not saying it is easy in any way, shape, or form, but it is possible. Also their RP section brings in a lot of members because of how different, and better it is then most forums. On top of that you also get mini prizes and add on features if you win contest which would encourage more participation among members. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi I didn't really skim through it all and I don't know if it was mentioned but their is also a new section that gets unlocked for premium members only, and it's basically similar to what I heard you guys had once before called fun and games or something like that, but nonetheless the turnout was very good. Not saying it is easy in any way, shape, or form, but it is possible. Also their RP section brings in a lot of members because of how different, and better it is then most forums. On top of that you also get mini prizes and add on features if you win contest which would encourage more participation among members. ^I don't want to be a jerk but that actually sounds like a really bad idea. Treating normal users differently than premium users in terms of fun is really discouraging towards the user base. I don't like that new section at all. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 In technicality, we had a premium section and it never got traction. We used to have the ability to donate to A4, and that would net you premium access. You can literally pay a penny and get it. Over the 7 years or so that it was available, approximately 40 people put any money into it, including myself. No matter how you put it Takeshi, and this is worth repeating, over and over again. Unless there are results and interest, active interest in putting out these features or sections, it's simply not worth doing because time and time again, as stated multiple times in this thread, either people are too immature to handle such features or there isn't enough sustainable users to make it worth while to have. I got PMs multiple times from people to enable vimeo video posting because they'd love to put up AMVs on a creative commons site that they can share here. Only 1 person ever made use of it. That was me. Demoing it. For this very reason, and this is why I am extremely critical of anything suggested, it has to be viable. It takes my time and staff time, all of which is volunteered. I don't want to waste anyone's time because time is precious. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by Takera_ ^I don't want to be a jerk but that actually sounds like a really bad idea. Treating normal users differently than premium users in terms of fun is really discouraging towards the user base. I don't like that new section at all. Not everyone really looks at it that way though. It's just a matter of you supporting a site that you enjoy regularly, it isn't about getting treated better, they're just giving you the option to get extra features if you're generous enough to contribute and I believe that is fair. Originally Posted by Shian Kiri In technicality, we had a premium section and it never got traction. We used to have the ability to donate to A4, and that would net you premium access. You can literally pay a penny and get it. Over the 7 years or so that it was available, approximately 40 people put any money into it, including myself. No matter how you put it Takeshi, and this is worth repeating, over and over again. Unless there are results and interest, active interest in putting out these features or sections, it's simply not worth doing because time and time again, as stated multiple times in this thread, either people are too immature to handle such features or there isn't enough sustainable users to make it worth while to have. I got PMs multiple times from people to enable vimeo video posting because they'd love to put up AMVs on a creative commons site that they can share here. Only 1 person ever made use of it. That was me. Demoing it. For this very reason, and this is why I am extremely critical of anything suggested, it has to be viable. It takes my time and staff time, all of which is volunteered. I don't want to waste anyone's time because time is precious. I totally understand where you're coming from, but speaking for myself I would happily donate to A4, can't say the same for everyone else. From the looks of it, it seems as if the community itself is lacking in participation when it comes to new ideas being implemented. It starts with the users, and I understand that but there has to be something we can all do to make this community better and more lively. 
 Shian we need some new gimmicks though, that's just the truth, something fun, something silly, I dunno, but we need to get it and get it right. This place feels dull, but surely it isn't only because of the lack of a Like button. Some new features would be nice, but what we really need is passion to get anything going, the saddest thing I just realized is how much passion you still have for this place compared to most of A4's userbase, we can't blame anyone though, it's up to all of us to personally really care about being a positive for this site. I do wanna say, people are still writing essays, and there are still some great relationships on here, don't be fooled Shian! D: If we were gonna do a premium thing it would need to be a one time fee, milking people for money isn't A4's style. I think a $5 dollar minimum would be appropriate. Donate needs to come back and we need to make it more of a encouraged thing, no one even talked about it when it was an option. There's no shame in wanting people to support what they enjoy. I would absolutely donate what I could. I love you guys. 
 You know what will get more activity going? Charging people money for posting on an anime forum! We could give them gimmicks like options to agree and disagree with half baked musings of weebos. Bryce would finally be able to retire. Its like someone re-activated the sh1t ideas machine in the staff forum. Kyuu died dismantling that. And it seems it was all for nothing. For shame A4. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Who said you'd have to pay to be able to post? Just have a premium status or whatever, its wrong we have a community this big and yet we only succeed in costing the admin money. The most important thing is just we're able to donate. Also we need new features, events, etc, every place of pleasure has to spice things up every once and a while. More than anything we just have to find a way to spice up people's attitude about A4. 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. You know what will get more activity going? Charging people money for posting on an anime forum! We could give them gimmicks like options to agree and disagree with half baked musings of weebos. Bryce would finally be able to retire. Its like someone re-activated the sh1t ideas machine in the staff forum. Kyuu died dismantling that. And it seems it was all for nothing. For shame A4. This was a christmas present to me. My big lol for the year. I asked about donations awhile back and nothing happend. I doubt anything will happen sooner. I would love to donate, but they probably have reason against it. Meh, it is what it is. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by Mihstah Who said you'd have to pay to be able to post? Just have a premium status or whatever, its wrong we have a community this big and yet we only succeed in costing the admin money. The most important thing is just we're able to donate. Also we need new features, events, etc, every place of pleasure has to spice things up every once and a while. More than anything we just have to find a way to spice up people's attitude about A4. Donations need to be worth the effort of accepting. A handful of people willing to give a couple bucks one time off isn't going to offset the hosting costs or be worth Shian's time in dealing with. 

 Originally Posted by Mihstah Who said you'd have to pay to be able to post? Just have a premium status or whatever, its wrong we have a community this big and yet we only succeed in costing the admin money. The most important thing is just we're able to donate. Also we need new features, events, etc, every place of pleasure has to spice things up every once and a while. More than anything we just have to find a way to spice up people's attitude about A4. As much as it would be nice for this to happen it doesn't seem like it is going to. You have a pretty large group of people here who have just given up on the fact of coming up with something new that could turn this place around. They'd rather just linger around the forums doing what they usually do because that's all they know and that's what they're used to. We can't bring about change as a community if the people in the community don't seem to welcome it. People are so used to their ideas getting shot down that they've just given up, can't blame em though. 
 @Takeshi You're completely mistaken. I've done everything I can to enable the community, but the expectation is that we as the staff, should take the shoulder burden of the vast majority of the requests out there. Just because you didn't get what you want isn't because we didn't want to do it. The problem is, only 5 of you out of 500 people will actually use these requested features. Do you understand the level of time and dedication it takes for anyone to implement these features and to constantly monitor and make sure it works? Like I said, if the community really wanted a feature, and I mean really wanted it. This thread would've, and it should've, exploded into 10 pages by now with people agreeing to it or arguing against it. It would signal to me that it has worth and while and that it's something to explore. So far, all it has is a couple of you guys wanting it and the vast majority of the veterans saying no. You've yet even addressed half of what I've even said so to me, that tells me that you're more hurt that this feature will never get implemented with what information I have than you do caring about what we do as a community. I'm not saying this to be a jerk or anything, but if you want something, dedication needs to be shown and if the community isn't willing, why should I take the full responsibility of implementing something that hardly a single person will ever use? If I were to ask you to write a 10 page report on any random subject every day and no one read it, how would you feel? 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by Shian Kiri @Takeshi You're completely mistaken. I've done everything I can to enable the community, but the expectation is that we as the staff, should take the shoulder burden of the vast majority of the requests out there. Just because you didn't get what you want isn't because we didn't want to do it. The problem is, only 5 of you out of 500 people will actually use these requested features. Do you understand the level of time and dedication it takes for anyone to implement these features and to constantly monitor and make sure it works? Like I said, if the community really wanted a feature, and I mean really wanted it. This thread would've, and it should've, exploded into 10 pages by now with people agreeing to it or arguing against it. It would signal to me that it has worth and while and that it's something to explore. So far, all it has is a couple of you guys wanting it and the vast majority of the veterans saying no. You've yet even addressed half of what I've even said so to me, that tells me that you're more hurt that this feature will never get implemented with what information I have than you do caring about what we do as a community. I'm not saying this to be a jerk or anything, but if you want something, dedication needs to be shown and if the community isn't willing, why should I take the full responsibility of implementing something that hardly a single person will ever use? If I were to ask you to write a 10 page report on any random subject every day and no one read it, how would you feel? ^^^^^basically what I said in two posts. people dont get it. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Shian Kiri @Takeshi You're completely mistaken. I've done everything I can to enable the community, but the expectation is that we as the staff, should take the shoulder burden of the vast majority of the requests out there. Just because you didn't get what you want isn't because we didn't want to do it. The problem is, only 5 of you out of 500 people will actually use these requested features. Do you understand the level of time and dedication it takes for anyone to implement these features and to constantly monitor and make sure it works? Like I said, if the community really wanted a feature, and I mean really wanted it. This thread would've, and it should've, exploded into 10 pages by now with people agreeing to it or arguing against it. It would signal to me that it has worth and while and that it's something to explore. So far, all it has is a couple of you guys wanting it and the vast majority of the veterans saying no. You've yet even addressed half of what I've even said so to me, that tells me that you're more hurt that this feature will never get implemented with what information I have than you do caring about what we do as a community. I'm not saying this to be a jerk or anything, but if you want something, dedication needs to be shown and if the community isn't willing, why should I take the full responsibility of implementing something that hardly a single person will ever use? If I were to ask you to write a 10 page report on any random subject every day and no one read it, how would you feel? I'm not saying that you haven't done things to enable this community and I know the vast majority feels that way, but there are users out there that I'm sure wouldn't mind helping out around the forum in anyway they can to at least take some of the work load off of all of you. I know it also takes time and effort and that it isn't easy one bit, I understand this, but as I said before no matter how you look at it, it is possible. Also I am in no way, shape, or form trying to discredit the things you've done for this forum, that isn't what I'm getting at. As for your middle statement. I've put out an idea that was previously put out before me without me knowing but I definitely did write out a well thought Idea that seemed to get a good amount of feedback and some bad also, being a graphic designer I was also willing to put in the time and effort to making that idea better if need be. Instead I got responses saying that it wouldn't happen, and that I was "full of myself" just because I was trying to create change and give this forum a new and updated to look and I was serious about it but, just like every other Idea I presented it got shot down without even giving it a simple try to see if it worked out. To the last point honestly I don't even think I've ever agreed to this idea being implemented or not in this whole entire thread, and I surely wouldn't be hurt if it didn't. The only reason I'm saying all this is cause I can relate to the dude. I've been in his shoes before, I've put out ideas before to get the same response every time. Just because something hasn't worked out before doesn't mean it wont work out this time. Believe it or not there are people that will put in the time and effort in to see their ideas get acknowledged, not everyone is the same. If you were to ask me to write a ten page paper everyday and no one ever read it, obviously I would feel as if I wasn't being acknowledged and that wouldn't feel to good so I understand where you're coming from, but things can't stay the same forever. Something's gotta give. 
 You know what will turn this forum around? For the users to make good posts, make good topics, stop treating the newbs like virus-carriers and get back to being supportive of the community. No new feature, tweak, gimmick or payment option is going to change the fact that somewhere along the way we decided we were the old forum for Encyclopedia Dramatica. We can't do everything for the lulz folks. If you want to be a part of a community like that, check out well, any other forum but this one. 
 Sig by Shannon Apple Go take this survey, help us make A4 better! I said I never had much use for one. Never said I didn't know how to use it. -Matthew Quigley 
 Moved to next page. 
 Last edited by ThisGuy; 12-28-2013 at 02:07 PM. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
