http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Joseph Taking out his sword, he pointed the tip of the blade directly at the vehicle. The small motions made by his hand translated into large and strong enough swings that he was able to hit the bullets. Knocking them off course but not cutting them. After the Varrion unit wasted their last bullet, they were forced to reload. Jo took that chance to grab Evan and run into one of the neighboring buildings. It wasn't going to last long before the Varrion troopers caught up, but it would be enough for Jo to hatch a plan. He still had to get inside, but now he had a civilian caught up in the mix. Running up the stairs still holding Evan by the collar, he made it to the top floor and barricaded the door behind him. Pulling off his backpack, he stuffed his beanie inside and the small black cat jumped out and ran off. Jo turned to Evan, who was leaning against the wall trying to catch his breath. "I need to get inside... Those Varrion guys will just make a mess of things... Do you have any ideas?" The Divine Rector After making his entrance, his zombified followers started attacking all of the escapees. Pushing them into a back room, one man was able to fight them off. Although he was outnumbered, he still managed to hold back 16 of his followers. Don turned to John behind him. "Looks like there is a heretic amungst the mix. End him." Giving a nod of confirmation, John dropped two gutting knives out from the arms of his robe and into his hands. Walking calmy towards Luminary, pushing followers on to the ground and out of his way. Luminary was completely overwhelmed by the mass of the followers, and John approached him with his arm raised ready to strike. The lights prevented Luminary from being able to see any details beside his figure but he knew that if he didn't act quick it would be the end of him. Right before John's arm was about to come down, Don yelled from the entrance "John! We must leave immediately!" Lowing his arm slowly, he reached out to the struggling Luminary and used his knife to nick his cheek under his left eye. Drawing blood, John pulled the knife back and licked the tip of the blade. Only then he ran back to meet with Don. The Rector, with his heightened senses was able to hear the sirens heading it's way. He knew they had to make a quick escape or risk being discovered with ties with the slave trade in the Glam District. The followers were ragged and drugged enough that he knew the law wouldn't be able to get any information as to their origins. At least not from them. So he left the poor Luminary and escaped victims to be harassed by the seemingly endless brutal barrage of his followers. Slightly hoping that the man fighting back his followers would meet his demise before the arrival of the bluecoats. Getting in the hearse once more, John and the Father drove off before they were found by the police. The followers however only got more aggressive. Clawing and even trying to bite Luminary in order to achieve their master's orders and kill them all. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
