http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page3
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 3
 I just couldn't get into the actual story. The whole concept just felt dumb to me, maybe even borderline generic and the comedy they tried to implement just didn't seem funny to me. No offense to the people that enjoy this though to each his own. 
 So, uh... No one noticed the two doggies on the roof having some "Happy Time"? 
 
 Originally Posted by Viren So, uh... No one noticed the two doggies on the roof having some "Happy Time"? Yup, sure did. We don't discuss those things in polite company. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Kotaku mangaged to prove its over 9000 level autism by saying that Kill la Kill is absolutely horrid and one of the worst things on television due to the fact that it "glamorizes slitting one's wrist". 
 Yeah obviously slitting her wrist was the purpose of the glove as opposed to an excuse for Ryuko to make that typical toku pose. Kotaku is seriously the worst, haha. 

 Senketsu or Junketsu? The episode felt like 30 minutes, rather than 24 minutes. lol anyway, great episode I really liked the fighting. Action packed and very amusing. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I just recently watched the first episode. Tbh, I wasn't too impressed. I'm gonna give it to at least episode 5 before I make my final decision. 
 I don't know what to think about this anime, decided to watch cause of the hype but it the whole story comes over quite messy and not to mention those kamui outfits ._. I loved TTGL and expected this to be great because it has the same creator and all but must say I'm dissapointed in what I've seen so far but I'll still follow it and see if it gets better. 
 Definitely enjoyed the latest ep, those action scenes are the best looking thing I've seen in a televised series in years. Combined with the soundtrack it's just incredibly enjoyable eyecandy. 

 That's the problem with Kill la Kill though, is that it's all eye candy. There is so little plot development, which just leads to match-up battles to see who is stronger. I felt like we were getting away from that during Episode 3 and the anime was just starting to grow on me, but then they set it up at the end for a long series of pointless match-up battles with no need for plot to back them. "Fight every student in the academy, then you can fight me again!". Ugh. My heart fell when I heard that. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 If you actually think it's going to turn into traditional monster of the week just because of Satsuki's announcement, lol, just lol. It's been pretty regularly playing with tropes and considering there's no way in hell she's even the big bad guy, it'd be silly to assume we're going to have like a dozen eps of Ryuko fighting every club captain. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean If you actually think it's going to turn into traditional monster of the week just because of Satsuki's announcement, lol, just lol. No, not just because of Satsuki's announcement, but because of Satsuki's announcement after the way way the first two episodes went. It was only in the third episode that we finally started to get away from that trope, when Satsuki donned her own Kamui, but that didn't last long... So far every other episode has been a monster-of-the-week from Boxing Club Captain to Tennis Club Captain, but to be fair it's only been a few episodes in so it's tough to judge an anime based off of that. When you have that kind of trend already set, then the main antagonist suddenly announces that this is the way it's going to be... well that does give one a lot more reason to believe that's the way it's going to be and not "just because of Satsuki's announcement". 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Hmmmm... Thinking about it though, Satsuki could have meant that Matoi has to fight all the students at once. They were all gathered in a mass in front of her, and after the low-down we've been given about the Kamui in comparison to the Goku suits (100% fibres versus 10-30%), that could be theoretically reasonable. The professor was wondering what Satsuki could be up to, but with her knowing that the Kamui absorbs the threads of of the Goku suits, perhaps Satsuki wants to see Matoi's Kamui power up before challenging her? 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Probably the funniest episode yet, just jam-packed with gags. Absolutely loved the bus careening through the air set to Blue Danube it was almost a Looney Tunes moment. Too funny. 

 I thought the "Betrayal" part was really funny, mostly because of her reaction after the suit froze up. 
weee
 Haha yeah, the starch joke was great too. Also loved Gamagoori and Mako squaring off over his sleeping habits. 

 Yea, I had a laugh after he said he slept in the nude and the girl in the front row blushed. 
weee
 Yeah, I thought this was the funniest episode too! I loved the whole skit at the beginning with Senketsu being laundered! And here's a blast from the past... Mako imitating Pinoko from Black Jack!  Spoiler Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Loved that it was a pie trap, lol! 
 Last edited by Ned; 10-25-2013 at 12:17 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 The pie upside-down, inside of the trap was just so delightfully ridiculous. I was expecting spikes, given Gamagoori's penchant for them. Even his little remote control had spikes! 

 Yeah, Gamagoori put some pj's on man. Really funny episode, full of idiocy and awesomeness. I really can't say much about it, but I REALLY like klk!  Spoiler Dat moment when you get expelled. at least you made it to homegroup.  Spoiler 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Newest episode was my favorite so far, really liking mako's family. From the dog holding the kid in his arms after the bicycle crash and mako firing that machine gun out of the top of the bus I'd be really sad if they weren't in an episode  Spoiler And I don't know why I only noticed this last episode, but like how satsuki's suit has two eyes, her sailor suit has an eye patch over where it's right eye would be just like how they described her father 
 Last edited by Firefromthevoid; 10-27-2013 at 12:21 AM. 
  Spoiler Yeah, the hints that the suit might be her father and the fact that the red strings are called "life fibers" and a lot of the imagery in the OP seems to indicate that they're created by sacrificing people in the process. 

 Granted it's been spastic and scratchy from the start I'm bummed the animation quality has taken a bit of a dive since the start. Funny how so many series seem to blow their budget on the debut ep just to let the episodes become slideshows with countable fram rates later on. But who cares this isn't the kind of show you watch for the animation. Ep 4 was great, I love the archetypal housewife mum character, just casually doing washing at 4 in the morning hahaha... Japanese. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean  Spoiler Yeah, the hints that the suit might be her father and the fact that the red strings are called "life fibers" and a lot of the imagery in the OP seems to indicate that they're created by sacrificing people in the process. I'm rather interested in what they atually are and why they work and the ones they tried to make didn't And I really like the animation, it's not super pretty like most shows but that's what I like about it and it doesn't seem to be trying to be that anyway 
 Yeah I feel like Triggers done a good job of spending their resources on the flashy scenes while scrimping on some of the more humorous scenes with some pretty funny shortcuts, like Mako's cutout spinning and stuff. It's obviously not well animated but it works in the context of the humor being portrayed. 

