http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page399
 League of Legends - Page 399
 What does it take to get a team in ranked? I don't mean 4 players, but a team. Poor guy says he prefers support. Wouldn't you know it, but the other guy takes Soraka without saying anything in select. Can't carry a team with Aatrox jungle when they die in the first 5 minutes everywhere except top lane. I even forced back their Le Blanc outta mid, but of course our mid was horrid enough to back before pushing the wave. LeBlanc hit 6 first GG 

 http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/12...te.htmlAnother update. This time with Riven nerfs. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by The Beard Man http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/12...te.htmlAnother update. This time with Riven nerfs. Some kind soul down in the comments did all the math for us.  Spoiler 

 As predicted? guess that's settles it. I wont be buying the skin. Riot doesn't leave champs that everyone cries about. Evelynn is next. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 This shatters the "Riot buffs champs who get new skins" conspiracy theory. Not that conspiracy theorists remember when their crazy lines of reasoning fail. I really doubt that people complaining about it is the entire reason that Riven is getting hit. They probably have a bunch of data that suggested that something was up with her game. She is really strong, always has been (and has been nerfed hard one already), and it's not unreasonable to hit her snowball-y tendencies. 

 To everyone that wants to ever play LOL: If you have played Dota 2 it is essentially the same exact game just simpler with different options and characters. A few new game rules have been put into place but other than that if you suck at Dota but still like it try League of Legends chances are your going to like it 100% better and you'll probably be 100% better at it. (OPINION BASED ANSWER) 
"Oak's words echoed... There's a time and place for everything, but not now."
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai This shatters the "Riot buffs champs who get new skins" conspiracy theory. Not that conspiracy theorists remember when their crazy lines of reasoning fail. No, that was shattered when they gutted Ahri and then released PopstAhri, right around the time when they were busy buffing Kassadin because (conspiracy theory) ->weed. To me, (more conspiracy) -> it was a thinly veiled effort to silence most of our dissent (conspiracy supported by the fact that it worked) and as such, I still refuse to buy that skin. Regardless, much sour. Many feels hurt. Such regret. As far as the Riven nerfs go, most of her damage comes from the auto attacks you were supposed to be weaving between abilities anyway. Seeing as how her passive remains unchanged, I don't think this will really be a problem as far as skilled Riven players are concerned. The Shield nerfs are what I think is significant. 
 Last edited by Ixioran; 12-18-2013 at 01:20 PM. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Scumbag Ixi was here No, that was shattered with Ahri and PopstAhri. I still refuse to buy that skin. Well, it's been shattered many times. And you really need to move on! 

 Don't forget Galio's Q getting nerfed by 20%, which completely broke the champion, on the same day that his legendary skin was released. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Well, it's been shattered many times. And you really need to move on! I just... I can't. Every time I see a Kass ban or a Fizz/Zed pick my heart breaks a little inside. Originally Posted by BuddyLee Don't forget Galio's Q getting nerfed by 20%, which completely broke the champion, on the same day that his legendary skin was released. There you go. It seems there never was a conspiracy! 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Of course there wasn't. But every time a champ gets a new skin stuff like this comes up. That's all I was saying! Geez! Anyway, some more perspective on the Riven changes:  Spoiler http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/12...on-xerath.html The basic idea is to reign in Riven's powerful early games and prevent her from snowballing but still allow here to come back later if she loses her lane. In fact, Scar seems to be indicating that this is the overall goal for bruisers and AD casters in general: make them work for lane dominance but allow them to come back if they fail. Seems reasonable to me. 

 Riven's early game has long been a huge problem and I'm glad to see it getting nerfed. I think these changes would have come a lot sooner if the majority of the playerbase realized that level one red potting/going all in made it nearly impossible to lose lane ever. The best course of action your opponent could have in that situation was either (a) running away and losing lane control completely, or (b) begging for a gank so your jungler can push you back (temporarily) and choose between either camping you indefinitely and letting his other lanes lose or leaving and letting you die. 
 As long as it doesn't turn into me suddenly getting bursted by a 0/2 akali with 9 farm when I had both her death in my hands and 50 farm, happened again too when I was syndra and played against Diana. I've been taking few brakes from League, they want to prevent snowballs yet someone who's literally shut down suddenly deals LOADS of damage out of no where? I know I'm not some all pro diamond player, but I still can see when something is just overly impossible, especially in a moba. Since the new masteries. I'm not even playing like I used to unless I play Draven nor Ezreal mid since Draven has a huge damage output with his Q and Ezreal is juste a poke-o-whore. Not sure if I want to start doing ranking in season 4 if I can't even be rewarded for shutting someone down early, playing better than that person in general. It's like if I had a tank and someone fired a pistol at me and blew me up, literally. I still get good games no doubt, but I have to play in a very passive method which I can't because I love going full ham when I'm supposed to have the lead on that said person, either that or I'm just on a very powerful drug that makes me think I denied someone early. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Originally Posted by chiisana akuma As long as it doesn't turn into me suddenly getting bursted by a 0/2 akali with 9 farm when I had both her death in my hands and 50 farm, happened again too when I was syndra and played against Diana. I've been taking few brakes from League, they want to prevent snowballs yet someone who's literally shut down suddenly deals LOADS of damage out of no where? I know I'm not some all pro diamond player, but I still can see when something is just overly impossible, especially in a moba. Since the new masteries. I'm not even playing like I used to unless I play Draven nor Ezreal mid since Draven has a huge damage output with his Q and Ezreal is juste a poke-o-whore. Not sure if I want to start doing ranking in season 4 if I can't even be rewarded for shutting someone down early, playing better than that person in general. It's like if I had a tank and someone fired a pistol at me and blew me up, literally. I still get good games no doubt, but I have to play in a very passive method which I can't because I love going full ham when I'm supposed to have the lead on that said person, either that or I'm just on a very powerful drug that makes me think I denied someone early. Lvl 6 Akali is no joke. Don't underestimate her level 6 at an early stage of the game. Especially if you don't have a pink ward 

 Originally Posted by chiisana akuma As long as it doesn't turn into me suddenly getting bursted by a 0/2 akali with 9 farm when I had both her death in my hands and 50 farm, happened again too when I was syndra and played against Diana. I've been taking few brakes from League, they want to prevent snowballs yet someone who's literally shut down suddenly deals LOADS of damage out of no where? I know I'm not some all pro diamond player, but I still can see when something is just overly impossible, especially in a moba. Since the new masteries. I'm not even playing like I used to unless I play Draven nor Ezreal mid since Draven has a huge damage output with his Q and Ezreal is juste a poke-o-whore. Not sure if I want to start doing ranking in season 4 if I can't even be rewarded for shutting someone down early, playing better than that person in general. It's like if I had a tank and someone fired a pistol at me and blew me up, literally. I still get good games no doubt, but I have to play in a very passive method which I can't because I love going full ham when I'm supposed to have the lead on that said person, either that or I'm just on a very powerful drug that makes me think I denied someone early. It's pretty standard for assassins who are easily denied early to have a sudden peak of strength when hitting a certain level, despite being denied earlier. I've sent a Fizz back at level 3 with 10% hp and 5 CS, and had him buy a Doran's Ring and all in me at level 4, killing me in like one combo. It was incredibly stupid. Diana and Akali are capable of similar antics at level 6. I think the best thing you can do is understand when those champions hit their power spikes because I'll tell you now: when they do, their CS or everything up to this point is almost completely irrelevant. Once they do, you have to play like a huge *****. You win by doing this. In that situation where you were up 2-0 on that Akali, had you just recognized that she was very strong when her ult charges were up and stayed back, allowing her to control the lane a little, you would have still been up 50 cs and two kills in the lategame, and she would have been a completely useless assassin who melted instantly in teamfights. 
 Yeah I know, that's why I hate playing against assassins, that and tryndamere. I mean I understand they're assassin, they burst, but it shouldn't be able to be achieved by simply reaching a level, that's just saying. ''Oh sit back and wait for your level 3/and or 6 to win lane'' gameplay. I would understand if they'd farm, then ok because they have gold, but having a Diana with a small 20 not even ap destroy me when I'm already at ~80 to 100 ap, that's just non-logical in term of mechanics, being my opinion that is of course, It's not like she had the same amount of ap as me, hell, we had the almost the same amount of magic resist and you guys know how Syndra burst like a wh*re having sex with every man spreading aids like it was mainstream in the new generation. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 6 win streak in 1v1 for now and my mmr ain't even low. My fellow Diamond senpai's can't beat me. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 End of game 1 Battle of the Atlantic CLG vs Alternate. Kerp blows up Link and Dexter in a single Q, R combo instantly to win in 55 mins 

 That wasn't what impressed me. It was the decision making, freaking sneaking around. even if Kerp didnt blow them up they would still win the game because lets be real. if you have 5 people fully geared, you can take a nexus down in 5 seconds. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Normal day on EUW guys. I was mid game 8/2 as AD Kennen, Riot decided to kick everyone out and close the server. 
 Last edited by Ta-Ka; 12-20-2013 at 05:33 PM. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ That wasn't what impressed me. It was the decision making, freaking sneaking around. even if Kerp didnt blow them up they would still win the game because lets be real. if you have 5 people fully geared, you can take a nexus down in 5 seconds. Truly just as you said the difference of decision making is what set these teams apart from each other. CLG made alot of bad choices as a team. I think Aranae was a huge part in setting the pace of the game with all the counter jungling and counter ganks. Overall the only person I think who was actually outplayed in a specific role was Dexter due to all the missed smites. The Dragon that Kevin got when Dexter mis-smited really showed that. 

 Just started playing it, finding it a little confusing though. 
samsung robot vacuum
 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos Truly just as you said the difference of decision making is what set these teams apart from each other. CLG made alot of bad choices as a team. I think Aranae was a huge part in setting the pace of the game with all the counter jungling and counter ganks. Overall the only person I think who was actually outplayed in a specific role was Dexter due to all the missed smites. The Dragon that Kevin got when Dexter mis-smited really showed that. Fun part is that Dexter always outsmited Aranaeaeaeae in lcs **** his name seriously. He moved to NA and suddenly he gets outsmited its the saintvicious NA curse telling you. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 http://www.twitch.tv/riotgames XD.GG vs Gambit starting in 18 mins. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ http://www.twitch.tv/riotgames XD.GG vs Gambit starting in 18 mins. Its over. Gambit is the premier EU team this year. Their only challenges are going to be Alliance and Fnatic. Am I the only one who thinks Kerp and Diamond are the cutest young boys of all of LoL? 

