http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158803-Cardfight!!-Vanguard-G
[Fantasy] Cardfight!! Vanguard G
 The successor to the original Cardfight Vanguard series featuring Aichi Sendou and Kai Toshiki as well as a many, many more memorable characters, Vanguard G takes place in the near future after the ending of Vanguard Legion Mate. New cast, new clan, new conflict. The rich themes of competition, fantasy, slice-of-life, and other genres attributed to youth anime persevere in this exciting new installment of Vanguard. Did I mention the silly hairstyles making their glorious return? 
 I knew it, I knew the guy from the preview was Kamui. He's looking good! YO the second shop was opened up! Love the tie-in to the last season. Ah ****, it's back to boot camp and basics for us returning audience members. *sigh* I can bear through the noob getting taught how to play. The vibe I'm getting from the new clan, Gear Chronicle, and the backstory of the lost ancient civilization is WICKED. The Stride Generation transition was pretty lame, LOL. HAHA, wow how could they just show us Aichi at the end and not even mention anything?! What is this "Pursuit of Happyness" bullshit?! I loved it though. 
 I liked the Aichi cameo at the end of the first episode. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Aw, Chrono is an orphan? That sucks, and he let it out so casually too. I love how Kamui texts Aichi and Kai in his spare time. Team Trinity Dragon behave like dumbshits, I couldn't stop my impolite laughter as well at these goofballs. Well...FIVA's quest system looks really cool. Bro! D1ck move, there, stealing the quest. xD Chrono back up a bit bruv, your face is too serious. Well, we've got a thief round these parts. Shion is this guy's name, huh? He's like, MEGA Bavarian. So the Fried Meat Cakes did come in handy after all. WOW. That Fica's transformation was such b u l l s h i t. YO, this ***** uses Oracle Think Tankl?! Swag. Ha! Chrono totally called you on that dragon issue. Yeah, you tell him Misaki! What a sweet, simple episode. 
 New character! He's got slick card tricks, and wonderful hair. xD The dog scene was just a barrel of chuckles. WTF are these quests, they're so random. Where the hell did that elevator take Chrono?! Woah, GIAS is awesome...I wonder what its coding is. *buh dum tiss* Albino Guy...is he an ally or enemy? OHHH MY GOOOOD Legion makes its return, so casually as well! Too hype. Yeah, being an orphan sucks. Damn, Chrono is going super saiyan without the energy appearing around him. What the hell?! Why can the children only see that big-ass Gear Chronicle Dragon?! Christ, Mark Ishii, your voice-acting can be pretty harsh at times. That ending was...well at least we now know who Chrono's rival is. 
 This new main character is too much like Naoki to enjoy. Aichi's character was just as common, but it was not so bad. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 En garde...attaque! That fencing scene was actually a bit thrilling to me. xD Chrono is channeling his Chyuunibyou, he looks ridiculous. OKAY random girl, thanks for the comment...? When is her name going to be at least given, it's been three episodes now and she seems to be a major character. The comedy in this series is pretty good and light-hearted, I'm glad to enjoy these funny bits of laughter. Gear Chronicle just has an entire assortment of Anthromorphic CogPunk/Gear Punk Sages. Well, Shion's an established frenemy now, sweet. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name En garde...attaque! That fencing scene was actually a bit thrilling to me. xD Chrono is channeling his Chyuunibyou, he looks ridiculous. OKAY random girl, thanks for the comment...? When is her name going to be at least given, it's been three episodes now and she seems to be a major character. The comedy in this series is pretty good and light-hearted, I'm glad to enjoy these funny bits of laughter. Gear Chronicle just has an entire assortment of Anthromorphic CogPunk/Gear Punk Sages. Well, Shion's an established frenemy now, sweet. She gets introduced next episode. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Tokoha is Mamoru's little sister...well that was unexpected. I hope Tokoha feels guilty about jumping to conclusions. xD Kamui is taking Shindou's dental troubles pretty poetically. Well, that was an okay episode. Kumi is pretty mellow, but she's cute. Tokoha is also a cool character. Not a spectacular episode, but still a funny one. 
 Uh oh, Chrono, you just got the attention of Vangarou. I do wonder why Aichi and his crew aren't high-up officers of the Regional Association, I mean they're pros! Even Kamui gets praise. Funny chase scene time. JESUS CHRIST the guy in the suit looks totally different from what I imagined...he's so lion-like. Oh, that wink was creepy. Tado's friend with the ****ing iPad/Tablet device thing, what kind of character gimmick is that?! That lame Stride Generation transformation is still cringe worthy. Well damn Chrono, shots fired if you're going to diss some guy's younger sister in front of him. The Branch Chief seems like a good man, he's strong too. Well that was a sweet ending. 
 So Chrono's found a friendly rival, that's good. Feeling a bit jealous there, Chrono, of Kiba's admirers? So far though, this episode is just WTF. Those cosplayers are too damn awesome. You're a good guy, Kiba. Chrono is a good guy too, even if his honorable action did lose him this silly ass tourney. 
 She's all grown up now, ;~; and is as obsessive as ever. Chrono, Shin, you're both not helping in this situation LOL. Oh the Dragon goofballs are here. RUN KEANU, RUN. "Forced" into completely voluntary card game fighting, this world's youth is so dramatic. LOL Kamui just tore that story apart. Ha, Chrono's even crying...his voice actor is doing a good job. The betrayals are real, Trinity Dragon has so true allegiances. Oh my God that was so lame...and Chrono can make really sinister faces. What the **** kind of fantasy was that Hot Blooded one?! This episode is so silly, and actual punches were thrown. Even the other guys ship the two, c'mon Kamui...c'man mang...just ****ing smash that chick. HAHA, Chrono just called Nagisa out so casually. Um...exploding the Earth? Well, what a mild ending. A bit underwhelming, but for a joke episode...it was alright. 
 Chrono is father material, LOL. Obviously something is up, there might be mild feels inbound. Sweet, Tokoha owes Chrono a favor now. Wow, the Vanguard battle in this episode was visually stunning to me, very well done animation. What a lovely childish card, so adorbs. The tears already flowing...at episode nine?! I liked the ending, it shows how the friendship between Tokoha and Chrono is growing. I ship the two. 
 Jaime reminds me of a certain someone, and he's REALLY rocking that mullet. This stall cook guy is so friendly...I'm glad, they usually aren't. "AMIGO!" That one line made my day. Wtf samurai gear, can Jaime sweet-talk people into giving him anything?! He's also a bit of a ladies man, and a street racer. What a gamble, Jaime, but your instincts and powers of observation must help a lot in children's card games. lol What the heck is Chrono going to do if you're being hit on, girl? Mamoru comes out of nowhere! RKO. lol How old is Jaime if he's got a 14 year old girl like Tokoha in his strike zone? Ofc he's a champ. 
