http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142652-IS-Infinite-Stratos-2
[Comedy] IS: Infinite Stratos 2
 Yup, it's happening. The returning cast includes: Kouki Uchiyama as Ichika OrimuraYōko Hikasa as Houki ShinononoYukana as Cecila AlcottAsami Shimoda as Lin Yin FangKana Hanazawa as Charles DunoisMarina Inoue as Laura Bodewig The video also introduces the students Takenashi and Kanzashi Sarashiki from Izuru Yumizuru's original light novel series. Source: http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news...th-promo-video Looking forward to this as a fan of the series. Don't know whether its a direct continuation or a reboot, guess we'll have to wait and see 
 @ShikinamiDesu You can also find me on Hummingbird! 
 Thank GOD More Charlotte please 

 This is a win. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Laura is my waifu and you all keep your greasy fingers away from her! 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 ^ Haha Finally, I thought they will never make another one! 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 w00t! i am so anticipating this! it is continuation for sure, because tatenashi sarashiki, from volume 5 is introduced. the 1st season only up to 3rd i think. hope they broadcast vol 4 to 6. 
 Hiruma Yoichi, Eyeshield21. Manga, Volume 37 (last).
 I'm so glad this show is back! As usual Ichika being clueless about everything.  Spoiler Dat cat suit that Laura and Char were wearing XD 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I love Charlotte, and I always like Laura...and for them to be teaming up pretty much the whole episode...Yes I was loving every minute of it! And Alter...  Spoiler Black Cat and WHite Cat PJs FTW. 

 IS is back! I'm so happy. 
There are only two paths you can choose. You can sit quietly and be selected out of this world, or you can adapt and change!-Gai Tsutsugami (Guilty Crown) 
 Waited so long for this. I am still torn between char and rin.  Spoiler Ikr, those pajamas! Does anyone know what was with the white knight at the start? Reminded me of Kaguya in Busou Shiki Angel Complete. And i was expecting to see the IS core as well, not just chifuyu. I called ichika inviting everybody, it was so funny. The montage was kind of strange, but hilarious. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Okay...I like the Student Body President...a lot...but no more the Charlotte and Laura. They will always be one and two in my books. She is up to something though 

 I think my two favorite love interest in this story so far are Houki and The Student Council President after the second episode. She's a really likeable character. 
 **** Yeah I'm so Excited to see the New one I just cant think of what will happen o3o !!! 
 Man....the prez is ridiculously hot. But Char is still my #1 
 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Okay...I like the Student Body President...a lot...but no more the Charlotte and Laura. They will always be one and two in my books. She is up to something though I agree with Sora Senpai... the Student Body President is by far a very cheeky girl, but the first ep is my favourite seeing Charl & Laura having a day out together :3 
Watch It!!! Or I'll Take Your Soul 
 If you don't have Charlotte as #1 after this episode...  Spoiler well I'm not going to hate you for it. But clearly Charlotte is the best girl. She protects Ichika and then politely asks for the crown...AND HE WAS GOING TO GIVE IT TO HER!!!! I hated how Cecilia got to walk around with Ichika but I guess it needed to be done for the Cecilia fans, and the fans of Ling got a lot of Ling too. However next weeks episode has hopes for being intense so I am looking forward to it. 

 Char for lyfe. <3 also...Laura. After 3 episodes, I always see them. They made more apperances than the ther girls, excluding the prez. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Welll at least we know where the President stands. Pretty good episode, the President wants Ichika bad haha. 

 Ichika is pretty much swimming in it. He can have anyone he wants but he just does not have a damn clue. But it was smart of him to pick the sister because if he actually picked on of the girls it would have been bad news. I really don't think he'll pick anyone in the end which I dont approve of but whatever. A very fan service episode ending pretty seriously though. I wanna know more about the Big Sister look alike. 

 I had almost forgot about Ichicka's big sister. 10/10 and I lover her personality. But I also love Char's voice....decisions, decisions. btw.... is there any plot. I thought I saw it show up for about 6 minutes in the previous episode but it might have been a false alarm. In my opinion it is frustrating to see a good premise for an anime or manga get completely destroyed and rendered mediocre because the animators and the people in charge are so focused on pushing as much moe and fanservice as possible that they do not leave any room for a decent storyline or any character development. I like IS but I feel as though a decent storyline could have made the characters much sexier and much more attractive to the audience than any mandatory beach episode could ever do. 
 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Ichika is pretty much swimming in it. He can have anyone he wants but he just does not have a damn clue. But it was smart of him to pick the sister because if he actually picked on of the girls it would have been bad news. I really don't think he'll pick anyone in the end which I dont approve of but whatever. A very fan service episode ending pretty seriously though. I wanna know more about the Big Sister look alike. He has a sista complex. pshhhhh. Yeah, the whole episode was just fan service. Nothing different from the first season I guess?  Spoiler He has another sister? A clone? a fake? waht? Himself? who crossdresses? and tries to kill himself? named Madoka? WAHT? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Look if this episode doesn't prove that Ichika and Charlotte belong together then I dont even know anymore. Even Laura I'll be okay with because both of them are not always fighting each other over him. I think if it comes down to both of them it will be awesome because they're really good friends. But the episode in general was pretty funny, but we still know nothing of the other Orimura. Hopefully we find out something about her in next weeks episode. 

 Originally Posted by legattoVIII I had almost forgot about Ichicka's big sister. 10/10 and I lover her personality. But I also love Char's voice....decisions, decisions. btw.... is there any plot. I thought I saw it show up for about 6 minutes in the previous episode but it might have been a false alarm. In my opinion it is frustrating to see a good premise for an anime or manga get completely destroyed and rendered mediocre because the animators and the people in charge are so focused on pushing as much moe and fanservice as possible that they do not leave any room for a decent storyline or any character development. I like IS but I feel as though a decent storyline could have made the characters much sexier and much more attractive to the audience than any mandatory beach episode could ever do. Is there any plot? There's a major breach at an IS facility and a new IS is stolen by some mysterious female character with a strong resemblance to Chifuyu. Nah, there's no plot. So what's everyone's take on this latest disruption? Is this a real crime committed by a new villain or is it just another setup by Tabane to introduce a fifth generation IS? 

 @griffmeister: my comment was sarcastic for it alluded to the fact that the anime is 5% plot and actual storyline and 95% generic comedy harem anime 
 Originally Posted by legattoVIII @griffmeister: my comment was sarcastic for it alluded to the fact that the anime is 5% plot and actual storyline and 95% generic comedy harem anime Sorry, just having some fun. If you look at all the other posts it's like who's the favorite female character. Almost as if you could just drop the whole idea of a stolen IS and fill the rest of the episodes with beach and bedroom scenes. Hmmm, how many episodes can they make like that? 

