http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159935-What-Youtube-channels-do-you-watch
[Site] What Youtube channels do you watch?
 There's a thread on Youtube entering it's........10th? year, so that got me thinking: Youtube has millions of channels, so I'm interested in what channels do you watch/are subbed to? With this question, It'll help me discover new channels Me Personally: Dookieshed- Poketuber JWittz- Poketuber Game Theory- Crazy Theories about different games (For example, a theory that Mario is Anti-social and one that Link is Dead in Majora's Mask) He dives deep, doing pixel measurements and even physics formulas Watchmojo- Top 10s on just about everything CinemaSins- Pointing out the bullcrap in movies for comedy. Some of it is made up, while some of it is legit Music Video Sins- Same as CinemaSins, but targeting Music Videos (Like Party in the USA) There are probably more, but that's all I can name off the top of my head 
 i usually browse nightcore for music and awesome pics 
 U2guitartutorials Red green (the CBC TV show) Good eats (TV show) Various guitar cover lessons. Video game tips And random crap that pops up on the rec list - some of that is damn scary. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 CinemaSins Howitshouldhaveended A bad lip reading Don't forget rocket jump and sourcefed 
 I don't watch many channels, but the ones I watch, I watch religiously. Markiplier: Video game playthroughs that are genuinely funny, entertaining, and sometimes, moving. Watch his review and playthrough of Presentable Liberty and tell me you weren't moved like he was at the end of it. League of Super Critics: Allows me to watch reviews like the Cinema Snob, MikeJ, and others in a manner where I can skip the skit crap when it appears, although I do enjoy the skits by MikeJ and the Cinema Snob, but only because those guys are funny in almost everything they do. Seriously, why do so many review people do stupid skits in their review videos? And any other videos I watch are usually just random and without reason. I really need to get the videos on my channel out. But school and work have me strapped for time. 
 I got no regrets And I remember the day that we met There was no way that I could forget you So I followed you home and waited until you were alone... Jack | Gunnerkrigg Court | Boxdog | The Terrible Secret | Poppy O’Possum | Homestuck
 I have a few that I follow. ChuggaaConroy - LPer of Nintendo games. He is currently lets playing XenoBlade Chronicles, and it's eally amazing. The Game Theorists Markiplier Smalin - A cool programer who makes wonder visual scores of classical music. CinemaSins Epic Rap Battles Glass Reflection - Anime reviews ThePianoGuys - some of the more creative and fun pieces of music that involves pianos and cellos. You should seriously check these guys out. 
  Spoiler 
 Amv makers channels only. Shin AMV otohikoamv 
 Well, I'm not much into channels as to random videos but I occasionally drop by MrSuicideSheep and Pandora Journey for some catchy odd tunes, VSauce for some random **** and that's about it. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Epic Rap Battles How could I forget... It's my dream to one day be the voice who starts the epic rap battle videos. Vsauce is pretty good too. With all their deep questions and shiz. They have gold user submitted showcases too. BiDiPi, Lüt, app all knight, DONGs 
 Oooo, I live on youtube :P Gassymexican, EatmyDiction, KYRSP33DY, Captain Sparklez, Sea nanners (All are pc gamers and funny entertainers, Speedy is a console gamer but does some PC stuff, all play with groups and are entertaining to watch) GTA, Garry's Mod, Some minecraft.. Utorak 007 - A bit like the group above, except he is my favourite at the moment, love his stuff! NepentheZ, Calfreezy, CapgunTom, AA9skillz, MasterBucks, MGH, these guys are al FIFA youtubers, Quite good. FullTimeDevils - Manchester United fan youtube channel. Inside gaming - More gaming youtubers, probably my 2nd favourite Channel Callmekevin, Was my favourite but his uploads have become a LOT less frequent since he now has a full time job. Rockey Jump - Video Game Highschool was amazing HowItShouldHaveEnded (HISHE) - Great parody channel for Movies, How movies should have ended!! VERY ENTERTAINING! KICKTV - Football youtube channel, talks about teams and news. iiJerichoii - He does a few videos I enjoy, don't watch many of his things though. Comedycentral UK - Pretty obvious what this is. And yea, there are more but I'm subscribed to hundreds of channels, Can't remember a lot of them. 
 { All Credit for this goes to Raffee }
 Originally Posted by Narippo-KatekyoBleachborn FullTimeDevils - Manchester United fan youtube channel. Damn, how did I forget that one? 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Im always browsing for more but my faves right now are.... Jumpinthepack (League of Legends clips) ModernWarNegro (hilarious commentary, gameplay reviews and other game related stuff) Moonwalker Morris (Funny English guy that does Let's Plays) Agentjr (Hilarious Guy that does Let's plays....been slacking lately though. Might Unsubscribe) Smooth McGroove (Guy that sings game music. ) DidYouKnowGaming (Game channel with facts on different games that you may not know) FailArmy (Most Hilarious Fails) and VDO173 (Hip Hop instrumental channel) Mostly Gaming channels with Hilarious lets play 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Sargon of Akkad - Just current events and discussion MrReipzon - responding to videos, discussion, and etc Angry Joe - Game reviews Nerd Cubed -gameplay Nostaglia Critic/ TGWTG - funny movie reviews MundaneMatt - current events and discussion (are my channels so boring) JelloApocalypse - funny videos 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 Honest Trailers... nuff said. They are awesome. lol. Their Lion King one had me in tears laughing. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Let's see... Geek & Sundry - Big Fan of Tabletop and Spellslingers ModernWarNegro - Game reviews and just hilarious commentary in general TotalBiscuit - Game Reviews ProJared - More Game Reviews AngryJoe - Have some more game reviews Arkada, Gigguk, and HoldenReviews - Anime Reviews 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 The last two channels I've been visitig was the angry video game nerd and Roosterteeth. I also like TFS or any abridged anime channels. 
 This is primarily an anime website so it shouldn't suprise anybody that I like channels like the Funimation or Nozomient channels, actually Nozomient has Space Adventure Cobra, Ah! My Buddha, Princess Nine, and I think even Revolutionary Girl Utena videos as well. Also there may be dozens or more videos where people list their favorite anime series and a lot of anime reviews too. Heh, heh, I also like the videos where folks made "bombs" by mixing water and dry ice in a plastic container and boom! I even seen one where a trash can filled with water split open from the blast of the dry ice bomb! Also videos where girls dance around in their underwear, I'm such a Hentai! Basically there is a lot of info about anime on YouTube that I can take advantage of! 
 Mark Crilley: Drawing videos Conan, clueless gamer is f@$#ing hilarious Key and peele Pro jared: video games reviews Awe me FireboyAMV: best amv maker out there imo And this anime figure reviewer I can't remember is name and of course my self 

