http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120608-Spoilers-Death-Note-Did-you-agree-with-Light-by-Episode-37
 [Spoilers]Death Note : Did you agree with Light by Episode 37?
 Although light had good intentions by killing off criminals there was various things which made me disagree with light; Killing the FBI agents Killing Naomi [ Raye's Girlfriend] Killing L Lawliet Using Misa Amane Killing The rest of the Yotsuba group who were involved with the third kira And more Especially at the end episodes where light got power hungry. At first i agreed with him but im definitely against him now, after seeing the whole series. Light = L = 
 I don't really agree or disagree. I suppose the easiest argument for Light would be the "greater good" argument. Sure he killed a bunch of innocent people in his pursuits; but he possibly prevented alot more deaths/crime by scaring the living crap out of criminals. As well as the obvious benefits of removing the dangers presented by the criminals he did kill off. Although by the end of the series, it seemed Light cared less about dealing justice to criminals, and was more concerned with just offing anyone that disagreed with him. 
 I've always been a Light supporter. Sure, killing a bunch of innocent people wasn't the best idea, but it was for a good reason. He didn't wanna get caught. He tried to erase all connections he had to people who may have been able to track him down. I 100% agreed with his ideals though. The ending was disappointing. He shouldn't have died. 

 I never agreed with Light and saw him for what he was, an egotistical psychopath with a god complex. I don't prescribe to the utilitarianist viewpoint that most of Light's fans are advocating. If you go down that road, it's a sleepery slope. Where do you draw the line? 
 I think that what Ohba is trying to do is make you think. It starts off as something that you can relate to, therefore it makes it real to us. We can see why his doing it and we feel like agreeing with the masses in it. Therefore will support Light in the begining of the anime and want him to will. Slowly Ohba cleverly manipulates us to begin siding with L, the Near as we see a more extremest side of Light. In the end we want Near to win purely because we hate Light at that point. We understand why what Light is doing could be regarded as a good thing, but then we see his god complex and relise that he has been corrupted by his own power. "Total power corrupts totally." We also have to realise what he is doing is a temporary. His effects on society dissappear within under a year in the manga after he dies. This shows that he is only forcing it upon others. It is false freedom. It is a dictatorship of right wing society. There is actually no true freedom there. It is the complete opposite of happyness. He is just a genecidal murderer. Really, I think that the manga sums this off perfectly. The anime was cut short at his death, whereas in the manga it goes over to explain why what Light was doing was wrong. It goes over all the points I have made here, plus more. It makes you think the opposite to what you thought at the begining and is convinsing. To me it is pure genius, and there is no way Light is right. Murder is never the long term answer. What it will do is only temporary. Infact I would go as far as to say that there is no true answer. NONE. ~Rant 
"One day we will be reunited, my love" - Me to my beard RIP Beard http://myanimelist.net/profile/5oulcrusher 
 Aw man, I loved Death Note. Psychological warfare at its most simple and enjoyable by the end of it? nah man, i was behind light the whole way his sense of justice and punishment just clicked with me. even if he was insane and unlawful in his judgement, I found him really easy to relate to he was just trying to do what he thought wass best, and he was bold enough to make sure nobody got in his way anti-hero or not, lights kill first ask questions later mentality made sense to me 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Light basically had insane ambitions but got him killed eventually. There is no relation between intelligence and moral values ( or sanity). If you've read anything about history btw. I think Lights god complex started when he found the notebook as if somebody chose him from and as if he had some greater goal in the world. He didn't want anybody to have a higher influence then he did. In the end he thought he had a specific and very important position in the world but despair was taken out and he got what he deserved. You can pull out historical references if you want. It's pretty common with powerful dictators throughout ww2 to think that they have some special position in the world for whatever reason. And want to carry out their goals fueled by whatever stroke of luck that makes them see special and have to carry out an ambition. Anyways death note went downhill after season 1. 
 here's a piece a of my mind on the subject. In order to be a God you need to be feared and force people into your command, if you're a god you are a dictator rather than a democratic, you'd want the perfect world in your prospect. The problem is some people's prospect on a perfect world might not agree with yours, which doesn't matter because they are not God, you are. But I guess this all isn't an issue, I guess the fact that Light was Murdering people makes him as bad as they are, I think not, he is a higher power punishing the sinful, it's how it's supposed to work out, his punishments maybe were a bit extreme but that's only because he's God and no human right group can stop him, he for one doesn't care what the people think of him, he just forces his judgement upon them. I certainly loved L's style, he's smart rude honest pure badass, but Light did all the choices I would've done in terms of right and wrong and what to do with power. Must agree though the ending was terrible, the show stopped being about Kira and the death note but more about how Light is going to die. I didn't read the manga, they might have skipped some details, but the anime after L's death was really a let down. 
Cool Guy You Met On The Internet
 I'm gonna sound evil and a little creepy for this, but hypothetically...Suppose you killed someone. They were a criminal. They were vile and despicable and you couldn't take it any longer and so you did what you could and killed him. Now yes, you killed with, in a sense, good intentions. The bastard was a criminal anyway so you were doing the world a favour. You killed someone so of course you would force yourself to think that way regardless. You would convince yourself you are right. Suppose you began killing more criminals. This is still a service to society, a justified genocide of the scum of the earth. At some point you would begin to fear your own safety. You would fear that other people would not understand you, that they would demonize you and categorise you as the same as those people you killed. This would make you angry right? This would make you a little paranoid right? You would obsess over what you have done and the efforts of those trying to find you. No matter how composed your sanity would begin to dwindle. Fear and doubt would gnaw away at your mind and distract you from your original good intentions. You would lose sight of your goals just a little bit. As the police close in on you, surrounding you, drawing ever closer you would panic. You would get frustrated and angry. You have already killed before. You were doing a good thing. You believed you were right. You believed you were justified. You have done nothing wrong. You are the good guy. Murder is justice. This would begin running through your head. Some would grapple with the idea of killing their pursuers and try to escape, but others would no doubt fight and kill those who tried to stop them. You would do everything you could to ensure justice is served, because that is what you do. There are flocks of people who consider you an antihero. They inspire you. You become drunk on the power you feel because your sins are justified. No matter who stood in your way, you would stop them through any means neccessary, but you don't know any other way besides killing. You only ever had one ace up your sleeve so you have to use it again. You kill everyone who tries to get close. You manipulate those that are weak enough to be led astray, but you tell yourself you are ready to dispose of them of they ever go against your plan. You don't want to die. You don't want to be caught because they will hurt you. You might go to prison, or executed, who knows. Either way it cannot happen. The fear of beign caught would drive you insane. You no longer remember why you started, you just don't want it all to end yet. You become sloppy and you make mistakes. You slip up and screw up. Everything spirals out of control and then you realize your time is up. You would become angry, incredibly angry. **** 'em all! They can all die!! Right? So don't you think if you were in Light's shoes you would have done the same things he did? I sure as Hell would have. I mean I don't know the psychology of a serial killer but if you think about it Light's actions are entirely understandable. It's a rather disturbing thing to do but consider what you would have done in those situations before you judge him as right or wrong. 

 Over all a shitty anime but I liked him more at the end I was so sad he didn't win and just finally die old or at least years later after getting away with it all and killing off any who could stop him and the gray death dude got bored and finally killed light. 
 I think Light is one of those characters who I can say I can agree and disagree with his actions being that, his actions where human in some aspects, like becoming a mad man who thought he had power. Who wouldn't when you have God knows how many supporters? You're bound to feel like you're the top. And his reasoning of killing the innocent was an action of fear in my opinion. At least to me, it felt like that he was running from police and death so killing those who steer you into that direction is reasonable. But his killing in the first place was an action which I disagreed with. Murdering isn't a solution to get rid of bad. Realistically too we get rid of one, another appears because of the large population on this world. There's too much to get rid of anyway so there's no point on even trying in the first place to kill them all. If you wanted to get rid of evil in the world you would have to destroy everyone's emotions. Another reasoning is that they are human, sure they've committed a crime but they can learn and when Light murdered them they were not allowed that chance to change. Now if it was more than once they have committed a crime, it's more reasonable to me. Naturally you can say but he was helping others, which I agree with too. Light is one of those characters which I love to look at the bad and good of. Death Note really was a brilliant brain teaser psychologically and I'm really glad I watched it even if the ending of the anime was a little boring in comparison to the rest. 
Our Memories Are Together, Always. (Icon credit to duelers on livejournal)
 i dont agree with him at all, he killed a man who called him his friend and even smiled when he did it. 
My legend dates back to the 12th century- Excalibur
 I compleatly Agreed with Light. he should have won, not that L wanna be (who sucked compaired to L). he may have been a bit egotistical but he kept to his plan and didn't give up. I like his determination, so just to say light is a hero. 
 light was power hungry and would have kill anyone who got in his way 

 yes but he did a good job of it 
 Light got to the point he was killing people for simply being lazy. Add to that he killed Raye Penberr and his fiance and enjoyed it just as much as if he were killing criminals. The fact is Light had absolute power that corrupts absolutely. Light gained a god complex and would have killed anybody and justified it however he wanted in his own mind because if your will is supposedly divine, it's the right one. 
  Spoiler PM me to join the A-4 Dragonball Club
 I do not think anyone will agree that Light was doing good. Killing off every criminal no matter what the crime is an intense punishment. Death is the most unknown thing in the world and who knows what happens to someone when they die. However, I did like Light as a character and wanted him to win for the sake of an "evil" character winning in an anime, but he did toward the end lose site of his original goal. He was more worried about taking down N and his cronies than trying to bring his "peace" on the world. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Light was a good person with good intentions. Kira killed him. 
 when he lost the death note we saw there is nothing evil him. 

 imo everything what he had done was wrong even killing criminals is a criminality itself, you could also see a scene of a lonely mother or something which was alone in a kitchen. So even that persons suffered. And note that he or his girlfriend wrote not only the names of proved criminals into the book but also names which were wrote online by online users. So if someone was hated people could write their names into in an online board while kira could write them into his book without knowing what he or she really did wrong. Light also said it was his intention that way so people wouldnt come to the idea doing something wrong in the first place, as they feared they could be next. We didnt get to see how people lived during that time but it must have been a really huge big brother atmosphere. 
 he started with a good idea to kill criminals but he lost is mind it shows how ****ed up secoity we are . when we have the power to do we will use it for our selfs . 
 I never agreed with light. The guy was obviously the villain from the very beginning. When one man gets to choose who lives and who dies, and his will is the only will that gets followed, that's the direct road to monarchism and dictatorship. Light chose to play God. And unless you're actually God, you don't get to do that. 
 Originally Posted by WBL Studios I never agreed with light. The guy was obviously the villain from the very beginning. When one man gets to choose who lives and who dies, and his will is the only will that gets followed, that's the direct road to monarchism and dictatorship. Light chose to play God. And unless you're actually God, you don't get to do that. ^ Exactly this.  Spoiler Light wanted to kill who he considered Evil people and then become the "New God" of the world he wished to purify, and this is what he wanted from the beginning ,when first finding the Death Note. However, it appears the more he killed and manipulated people, the more sadistic he became and even until the end, he sincerely thought he was invincible. There was no way I can agree with Light, considering he distorted his apparently "Good Intentions", with the evil havoc that he caused. It literally made him no better than the criminals he sought to rid the world of. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 He had good intentions, and I didn't disagree with his philosophy, but no, at least not by the end. While I don't necessarily object to his ideology of killing criminals to bring peace (as in, I think it would probably be good if criminals started dropping dead all of a sudden), he went about it wrong, and by the end, he was so evil and corrupted that it was very difficult to support him. He had no humanity, he wanted control, and he killed even innocent people simply for disagreeing with him. He had a firm control on not just criminals, but on all of society, and was clearly corrupted; more people than just criminals feared him, and rightfully so. And I don't really see any issue with "playing god", unless, of course, you're religious. 
 When I was watching the show I agreed, mostly because it was fun getting swept up in his insane way of thinking. After watching the recap movies I didn't really agree with him anymore. I still hate Mello though. 
