http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?108996-If-you-had-the-Death-Note/page21
 If you had the Death Note? - Page 21
 i would seek out justice kind of like a Green Arrow and would track people down, calculate the wrongs and what they have done and write there names in the death note. 
All your Belief cannot absolve your Sins. Credit to Shadowz. Join The Weird, The Strange and The Awesome Because We are Awesome! Never Forget 3 Oct 10 
 If i had a death note anyone convicted of murder, rape, or attempted murder (or any crime leaving someone irreversibly injured) would get their name written in the notebook. .... The notebook will need a lot of pages or im going to have to write very small..... 

 I would probably take it but im sure i wouldnt use it. Ill just take it because i dont want some maniac going around killing people. Edit: I changed my mind, i would kill my friend for no reason at all ^^ 
 Last edited by LifesFlower; 08-23-2013 at 05:06 AM. 
 Honestly if I found a death note and I already knew what it was based on the anime's rules and such I think I would be hesitant. If using the death note banishes you from heaven and hell then whats the point of using it. Your life will end eventually and if its set in stone that it will continue somewhere else why piss it away. That being said I would most like do something similar to what Light did in the show. Only I would make people die in prison riots or have them get shot. A heart attack would start the search and thats the last thing anyone wants. 
 I wouldn't use it. It's just wrong to kill people that you have no right to judge. If I was an actual judge, and say a killer managed to wriggle his way out of jail/ death sentence somehow, yet was totally guilty, maybe then. Maybe. But I'm not a judge, and I don't feel qualified to decide whether people should die or not. That's why I hope I never have to fight in a war- I really don't want to kill people. 

 Two words. Paper airplanes. 
 Nah. I wouldnt use it until the shinigami appears 
Like the page I created :https://www.facebook.com/OtakuVerse ｔｈｅ ａｉｍｌｅｓｓ ｃｈａｏｓ ｏｆ ｌｏｖｅ ａｎｄ ｈａｔｅ 
 If I had a Death Note, I'd ask for Lindsay Lohan for her autograph and thank her. 
All credit to Nanami-chan for creating the sig 
 I think i will just keep it to myself and use it whenever i will need it..i am not sure what i am gonna do with that death note yet but surely it will really be very helpful i guess. 
Harbor Freight Coupon
 Originally Posted by .KIRA. I would DELETE all the Vermin in the world. Etc: rapists, child molesters mass murderers... Light had a good idea, until The Death Note corrupted his mind! Doesn't that warm the cockles of your heart? I'd write down the names of people that I hate mostly 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Drexz I'd write down the names of people that I hate mostly He's gonna write my name down QuQ /runs away 
 
 I'd write my name on it so if I lose it whoever finds it returns it to me! :P Nah but seriously I wouldn't use it 
 If I had a Death Note, rule the world with it. Then, fake my death. Afterwords, make everyone go on a treasure hunt to find my lost Death Note. When the world descends into anarchy, I will meet a person I deem worthy by pretending to be a 'ghost'. I'll leave the Death Note somewhere and tell him to take it. I will from then on I will be an adviser to the person I deemed worthy (who would never think of killing me). Afterwords, when the time for my real death is arriving, I will tell the current ruler that I am not a ghost, and I will make him do the same as I did: fake his death and advise the next ruler. Thus, the new age of tyranny and oppression would begin. Just kidding, I would really try to make the world a better place by unifying it with my own power. 

 Lol if I did have a death note I would be tempted to use it out of curiosity and then things would probably go out of hand later ヽ(｀⌒´メ)ノ. 
Japanese Emoticons (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ 
 If I had the Death Note, I would kill every single person whom I can see. For I would sell half my life for shingami eyes and just rampage.. why someone might ask? For the simple pleasure of being able to. 
 I'd use it. Get the shinigami eyes and all. Gather the names of most of the people here at A4, and viola. A few dictators in the world, and the true scum of society. Then, pick off random people for fun. Because if you're not using the Death Note, you're not living. And if you're not living, you're not having fun. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 yes i;d use it to "clean the worlds " so it will be pecefull place and then i burn the note down 
 I'd use it.So I could kill anyone who become's evil and get the shinigami eye.I would definitely use it for good and kill people who mess with me or anyone.Period. 

 Id use it to kill people at the proper time that would than further a global agenda . Like... Using the book would force others into making certain decisions that would go worldwide. Like controlling it by killing off a few select people. Not hundreds of them like they did deathnote. 
 Paradigm 
 Knowing my own self, only three options depending on the time of week. friday-sunday: write down dead and fictional people and how they died until its full. monday-tuesday: obama, beiber, the guy who lives behind my house and shines his light in my window all night, whoever's bright idea it was to kill maes hughes. wednesday-thursday: blackmail 
Theres nothing written here....
 I'd most likely use it for mainly evil, I'd probably kill the scum of the world (Not all criminal ones, but the major ones like Child molesters, Pedophiles, you get the point) & then kill anyone which would benefit me. 

 I would continue to use it and i will use it for evil people. The other reason why i would continue to use it is because i have a burdensome hatred from almost all of the people i know. So i guess i would also kill the people who hurted me and caused me to have this burdensome hatred. Whats the worst is, if i die i will go to hell. T.T 
 Wow! So many more would use the Death Note! I was shocked! Remind me not to ever post my real name on here to go with my face! 

 I wouldn't be able to sleep at night knowing I had ended someones life ._. I'ma have tooo goo with... nooo >.> 
 "Even if armed with hundreds of weapons... there are times when you just can't beat a man with a spear of conviction in his gut." ". . . someday you'll be a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one." 
 If i had the deathnote I'd destroy it 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
