http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151575-That-new-guy-o-o
 That new guy.. o-o
 (So, I'm going to try really hard to do this, so... I hope i'm detailed enough for you guys... if not message me~!) My name, (Untill you get to know me better of course) Is Volihaus, or Voli. I Live in The United States (to be specific, in Athens, Ohio) not too far from Ohio University. I would say the main reason I'm on the forum is to meet new people and to find people with interests common with mine, that and to meet people in my area. I know it might seem kind of laughable to see someone looking for friends in my area on a forum, but, to be blunt, I have an anxiety of meeting new people face to face. I am only willing to disclose my personal info (Age, Real name, etc.) To people that live near me and I get to know them a bit more. As for what I do, I am a home schooled Student, and I'm currently in the process of learning basic Java scripting. I enjoy listening and creating Music (No I don't play the guitar, I'm a band geek..), I am a gamer, in every sense of the word, If im not working or listening to music, i'm playing games. I'm KIND OF a writer, and In the process of writing my own novel (Which if your interested I can send you a link to it, be warned it's only a chapter long so far). And of course, I'm definately into Anime, I do surround myself commonly in the Fantasy/Adventure style, but I am open to all types of Anime. If your wondering what I mean by "Social Anxiety", I mean I cannot bring myself to introduce myself to a total stranger. I use to go to a public school, and I had a horrible experience with it, because of how I lived and how i dressed, that kind of thing. Which in return, it affected my social abilities, I can reply to a person, but I can't talk to someone first (So PLEASE, talk to me first! I just can't go out and make conversation x-x). Anyhow, I don't need to write about my little pity story, after all, this is only the introduction. Anywho, hope I don't seem crazy to everyone here! 
 Last edited by Volihaus; 10-08-2013 at 08:30 PM. Reason: Disreguard for the POV of someone outside of the United States, My apologies~ 
 Welcome to A4, no it seems detailed to me and you should not try so hard just be yourself but yeah you will meet new people and most of the people here likes anime/Manga so you should not feel left out No, you do not seem crazy at all to me that is 
  Spoiler 
 HELLO MY FRIEND. I'm new as well and I feel anime helps a lot for people. I also feel like the world isnt necessarily the place for meX_X however i feel like these forums are a good venting place( not for bullshit obvs) alsooo if you wind up with the knowledge to create a website let me know please XD 
 Welcome. That is definitely detailed enough. When I read Athens and Ohio I got confused for a second... Greece + America >.> Anyways, have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 ​Hello there and welcome to A4. Hope you enjoy it here! 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Originally Posted by Pured Welcome. That is definitely detailed enough. When I read Athens and Ohio I got confused for a second... Greece + America >.> Anyways, have fun on A4. I'm so sorry for that, I will edit that, and show that I'm from the United States, Thank you for bringing that to my attention... 
 Hay there welcome to A4 hope u can hav fun here in sure u will meet a lot of new and cool friends!...... Like me! 
 Welcome to A4, socially inept kid. You'll get along just fine and enjoy yourself here if you post regularly. Trolling mods can also be good for a laugh. Enjoy your stay. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Hey there, mate. Welcome to A4! Hope you'll enjoy it here. Some people here have the same problems and you might just find the right "atmosphere" while you hang out here. See ya 
  Spoiler Mayuyu's personal slave >3< "Look beyond the horizon, you'll see a carnival waiting for you and the reflection of what you used to be..." **kudos to the artist** 
 Oh my! It's that new guy! Lmao, hello and welcome to A4. Please enjoy your stay here. 
 
 Welcome to A4! That's actually a pretty long introduction :P Most of the other intros i see consist of a 2 sentence greeting and ending. Hope you enjoy your stay 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
