http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151106-best-anime-to-show-parents-to-give-them-a-general-idea-of-anime/page2
[Anime] best anime to show parents to give them a general idea of anime? - Page 2
 I can't describe a pacific kind of anime because it all depends on how your parents see anime as a cool genre.My dad likes the humor kinds like ouran highschool host club.Perhaps you should show them a magical girl anime.Other wise,it's up to your mother. 

 Thanks guys but one Major warning about the rest of the answers I get. My parents are SUPER religious. FMA was this close to being banned and black butler was cut off from view as soon as the pentagram showed up....... Yea I guess I shoulda coulda woulda put that first.... Hmmm 
<font color="#00ffff"><font size="5"><span style="font-family: comic sans ANIMEOTAKULOVE
 Try the classics like Pokémon, Sailor Moon, or DBZ. Just let them know that, unlike typical cartoons, there are a lot of anime that are more serious and all have specific genre (action, comedy, sci-fi, horror, etc.). Later you could introduce them to anime like Nichijou (very funny anime with special effects that rival action anime). Just anime that would be good for kids. Based on your description, I would avoid having them watch anime like Black Lagoon (badass anime though), Mirai Nikki (a yandere is the heroine FYI), Seitokai Yakuindomo (whole thing is a bunch of innuendo jokes), etc. Just use your own judgement 'cause religious nuts like those just don't have the open mind needed for the majority of anime. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I'd reccomend Usagi drop since it has mature story line but if they are into action Black Lagoon is the one you should show. Also Colorful (reaally good) if they like horror Perfect Blue will be good. Ghost in the shell since it talks about what it means to be human and it has a dash of sci fi. Higurashi no naku koro ni (maybe) I'd recommend to show them second one. Like many of the people said Ghbli is the best and safe one I'd reccomend Poppy over the hill or Grave of the fireflies. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Maybe some of Hayao Miyazaki's work? Spirited away, HMC, Ponyo? 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Ghibli films are probably your best choice, but Makoto Shinkai's work could also be a good option. Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle, and Arrietty would be my top three picks for Ghibli stuff and Voices of a Distant Star or [The Place Promised in Our Early Days[/i] for Shinkai stuff. All of these have the advantage of being pretty short since they're movies. If you want to try introducing a parent to something a bit longer, you might try Time of Eve. Howl's moving Castle is one of the worst Studio Ghibli films(what a mess of a movie it is, has got to be the worst edited/put to gether movie ever made). How can you not mention Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind, and Laputa Castle in the Sky. Also Princess Mononoke is a iconic classic, so that would be a decent choice as well. To OP: Yea Studio Ghibly films would be the safest way to go. These would also be very safe choices as well: Moribito Guardian of the Spirit Origin: Spirits of the past(movie) Ark(2005 movie) Hero Tales If the first story of the Twelve Kingdoms wasn't so dramatic, and weird, I would suggest that(because hey, you can not, not love this anime), but sadly as it were, the beginning might scare new comers to anime, off. 
 Zoltor, what! Howl is amazing, i thought it was brilliantly done. My least favorite are only yesterday and ocean waves, for obvious reasons i am hoping. Yes the three you mentioned are undoubtedly the best 3 though! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Try the movie Tokyo Godfathers. Simple and appealing to parents. 
 I tried to show my mom Dragon Ball Z as I felt that it would give her a general idea of what anime is but she wouldn't pay attention, in fact through most of it she just kept asking questions about the series. Part of me was disappointed because I felt that this would been a great way to make her understand why I liked it so much but whatever. 
 If religion is a problem you could just go with a show that has religion in it like Sakamichi no Appollon It's a slice of life with two christian main characters, but it's really a good show so there is also that 
 Originally Posted by ANIMEOTAKULOVE Thanks guys but one Major warning about the rest of the answers I get. My parents are SUPER religious. FMA was this close to being banned and black butler was cut off from view as soon as the pentagram showed up....... Yea I guess I shoulda coulda woulda put that first.... Hmmm Um well then I must say you're pretty much screwed, nearly every anime has something going on, that would rub a overly religious person the wrong way. Hell even Clannad speaks of spirits, and alternate dimensions. Many anime have demons, have religious overtones, have super natural elements, ect, all of which no doubt would go against a religious person's take on the world. I don't know what I can say, other then anime Isn't for close minded people, so if you are still living at home, you're better off not trying to get them into anime at all, because you're more likely bound to get anime completely banned from the house in general. Perhaps try Detective Academy Q, I mean it is a mystery anime, so there are some deaths(there's more deaths on the news every day, then this anime anyway), but other then that, it shouldn't bother a religious person. Then again they wanted to ban FMA, so who knows, no doubt to alchemy lol. You should tell them to their face, that technically Alchemy does exist, we just call it chemistry these days you morons(the only reason the name was changed, is to separate it from the stigma it has aquired prier to like 1700s or so. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 11-01-2013 at 01:33 PM. 
 the only recommendation i can give is nothing pervy, or to strange, something in the middle that they could understand easily, something that would play on tv like dragon ball z (for you dad) and for your mom maybe a romance anime~ Fruit Basket is a good romance that is perverted at all and is really good and cute it would be ok to show her. any thing like these would be good to show some to under stand anime ^-^ 
 Code: Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews this is my signature there are many like it but this one is mine 
