http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151755-What-was-the-first-anime-you-ever-watched/page2
[Anime] What was the first anime you ever watched? - Page 2
 I watched Pokemon before I knew what anime even was. The first anime I watched knowing it was anime was Dance in the Vampire's Bund 
 Uh oh! Everyone can see my panties like this! And I'm not even wearing sexy panties! Dx 
 Before I actually knew what anime was, I watched FLCL. That was probably the best anime to watch....*sniff* It seems so long ago! How time has past. 
 Well when pokemon was on I would watch it but,I never knew it was anime.So,does that count? 

 Probably cowboy bebop. My uncle used to watch adult swim and I'd stay up and watch it with him. 
What will it take to enlighten you? I've gone passed the edge and I'm already broken; How do I climb back to the brink and put myself back together again?
 first one I would consider adding to the list (feel the question should be first knowledgeably watched anime) was Gundam 00 I mean sure ive seen cowboy bebop, pokemon, DBZ, digimon, etc while I was little but since it wasn't a decision but just something that happened to be on I don't count it as my first. 
 Mine was cardcaptors, although I never knew it was "anime". It was on a crappy station called CITV (uk) and it only showed about 1 episode a week and it wasn't it order 
 Pokemon Without Knowing what anime was... but knowing what anime was, Vampire Knights 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 It was Naruto or Pokemon 
 "Once-in-a-lifetime encounter"
 I think that it was either Pokemon or Naruto 
weee
 My first animes were Digimon Adventure 01 (Saban English Dub), Pokemon: Indigo League (4Kids English Dub), and Yu-Gi-Oh!: Duel Monsters (4Kids English Dub). 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 I used to watch Tokyo Mew Mew or 'Mew Mew Power' as it was called on tv, but at the time I didn't know it was an anime. After that I think it was Vampire Night which my friend recommended to me. 

 Before i new what anime was dragon ball Z after i new what it was Mightiest Disciple Kenchi on the Funamation Channel ^w^ 
 Code: Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews this is my signature there are many like it but this one is mine 
 Sailor Moon, Pokemon, Digimon, Outlaw Star, Tenchi Muyo: Universe, Dragon Ball Z, and Cowboy Bebop. These first came to TV around the 90s. I didn't even know they were anime at the time, all I knew was that they were animated and that the story line for each show kept me wanting more as I continued to watch them. So basically that's all. 
 Well my first real anime besides Pokemon, Sailor Moon, Dragonball Z ect... It would be Switchblade 
 Well, the first anime that I watched, and I'm assuming that it is a lot of other people's as well, was Pokémon. The first show that I actually watched properly/seriously/whilst knowing that it was anime was the original FMA. 
 First(s) would have to be Dragonball and Sailormoon. Also around that time was Pokemon, Cardcaptor and Gundam Wing x3 
http://czomb.Deviantart.com http://facebook.com/czombofficial Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 The very first anime I watched was Naruto, but it just went on the TV, and I didn't even know it was an anime, then my friends told me to watch Death Note, but the first anime I watched were Ao No Exorcist and Elfen Lied which I watched at the same time. 
