http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152152-Kaze-no-Stigma-will-there-likely-be-a-2nd-season
[Anime] Kaze no Stigma, will there likely be a 2nd season?
 Does anyone know if its in the works or anything(It's sickening how many anime are cut way too short)? 
 Probably not. The anime finished airing back in 2007 I think, and it didn't do well. The author died before finishing the light novel, so it's pretty unlikely there'd be enough interest to finish animating what was left of it. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Probably not. The anime finished airing back in 2007 I think, and it didn't do well. The author died before finishing the light novel, so it's pretty unlikely there'd be enough interest to finish animating what was left of it. Sigh, that's a shame, It's a pretty good series, and seems like it was gonna get even better too. 
 Yeah, the anime was based on the first five volumes, he also wrote a sixth volume and a few side stories before passing. So you could try looking those up; there might be translations floating around. 

 That sad to hear, i knew the writer died but i was hoping they would give it closure, i had no idea it did bad :/ 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 I knew the guy was dead and while that may be sad, I hope that series never gets a 2nd season. What a dreadful anime :/ 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 I actually really enjoyed the show, but I have no clue what they would be able to do for a second season seeing as how he already overcame his disconnection with his family. 
 Originally Posted by Karnage I actually really enjoyed the show, but I have no clue what they would be able to do for a second season seeing as how he already overcame his disconnection with his family. If memory serves, the anime ended in the middle of something(something along the lines of Kazuma, and Ayano falling in love, then their parents pressuring Ayano to marry Kazuma. Not that she doesn't want to anyway, but I'm sure neither one of them wants to do anything that arrogant family of theirs, is trying to force upon them. Lol the head members of that family aren't very bright, are they, if they would just let things be, they would get the outcome they want anyway). Besides It's a anime revolving around clans, and magic(there are 4 elements after all), I'm sure any writer worth a damn, would beable to think up many possibilities for at least another full season. To Ian: Sigh I guess I could try doing that, not the same, but I guess It's better then nothing. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor If memory serves, the anime ended in the middle of something(something along the lines of Kazuma, and Ayano falling in love, then their parents pressuring Ayano to marry Kazuma. Not that she doesn't want to anyway, but I'm sure neither one of them wants to do anything that arrogant family of theirs, is trying to force upon them. Lol the head members of that family aren't very bright, are they, if they would just let things be, they would get the outcome they want anyway). Besides It's a anime revolving around clans, and magic(there are 4 elements after all), I'm sure any writer worth a damn, would beable to think up many possibilities for at least another full season. To Ian: Sigh I guess I could try doing that, not the same, but I guess It's better then nothing. That's a good point. I don't believe they ever used water element in the show at least I don't think so and that alone could start a whole new season having some kind of war break out between fire and water clans. 
 Originally Posted by Karnage That's a good point. I don't believe they ever used water element in the show at least I don't think so and that alone could start a whole new season having some kind of war break out between fire and water clans. Yea, they didn't show water, even the earth clan had a brief appearance, but no showing of the water clans at all. 
 Since the author died, not much can be done. Sure, someone else could pick it up, but it wouldn't be the same. They could never know what the author had in mind, and they wouldn't be able to truly finish it. You can't just switch authors half-way through a story. It's a shame, but I doubt there'll ever be any kind of continuation. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 I kinda wish someone with a simaler writing style would pick it up. I dont think it had a good amount of time for the story to build. I always felt like it would be a hit if it cme back but then again, no one wats to totch it. 
 Yeah, like many have said, the author of the Kazé No Stigma Light Novels, Takahiro Yamato died in 2009, which left the series unfinished. I think it's highly doubtful that this series will undergo some sort of continuation at this point. However, like Jellz mentioned, I'm fine with Kazé No Stigma being left alone, as I was not a fan of this show, personally. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
