http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154172-Smudgy-Smudge-Smuff-Saber
 Smudgy Smudge Smuff Saber
 so, this is my first time actually smudging things on my signature. It took quite a while to do. I still don't know how to faff around the lighting and depth. also, notice that there is no C4D spam? haaa? no? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Not bad for a first try. I'm no expert in smudging, but is it just me or does it looks kind of separated? I don't know a good way to say it, but somehow the main pic doesn't blend with the smudgings really well, and the smudgings doesn't look smudged enough, it looks more like brush strokes but maybe that's just me. Still, that's pretty good. Liking the shape of the smudging. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 Yeah, the render does look seperated from the smudge. I don't know much about blending it, also it's on a different layer if that makes sense. I did smudge them, took me like ages but then I decided to burn the two colours. All the colours I used were red, white and green. Then I played around on the effects which probably made it worse. XD anyway thank you Dynablade. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I'm a bit late to the party but I'm here now. I'm not entirely sure when people decide it's ok to "smudge" something. But looking at your sample and actually knowing what's happening... well one I think this was a good time to use and probably one of the most effective of effects you could use. And though I'm sure (cause it sounds like) this isn't exactly what you wanted... this is a pretty rad sig you've made here. I like being able to see the point where the render kinda separates from a color. I think if you were to change the background... you could make this the most hellacious thing ever. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
