http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159964-Recommend-me-a-Horror-anime
 Recommend me a Horror anime.
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil Shigurui and Mouryou no Hako are a bit dark. Shigurui looks a little too historical for me but, Mouryou no Hako went straight to my list thank you. I second Mouryou no Hako and add to that Mononoke (the tv-show not the movie which has nothing to do with it) Mononoke should have been on my to watch list but, for some reason wasn't. Was it good? I really was interested in this one. Hmm, it looks like you've already covered most of what I would have suggested. I can think of a few things that might float your boat, but how essential they might be is another matter. Judge was kind of an interesting one-shot oav about a (demonic?) man who judges the souls of criminals who have escaped the law and a priest/advocate who opposes him. Not a lot to it, but it stuck in my mind. Kind of a nice idea behind it. Devilman is usually one of the more highly regarded entries from the 'blood and thunder' days, but I've barely seen any of it myself, so I couldn't comment on its quality. It seemed atmospheric, if nothing else. It's really a spoof rather than anything serious, but if you've seen Urotsukidoji, you might get a laugh out of Call Me Tonight, which sends up the whole Japanese obsession with tentacle monsters rather neatly. I can't find Judge I swear I've at least watched some of Devilman. I'll add it to be safe. I've actually watched the first two installments of Urotsukidoji lol ...oh god that anime. It's something else for sure and the dub is even more hilarious. I will be watching Call Me Tonight when I get the chance lol. A friend of mine has a kid and is staying with us so uh, yeah haha. Thank you! Roots Search and Lily Cat, might be two older titles that have a foreboding atmosphere. Mind you, they are older and not full series. In the strictest sense of the term, I have a hard time considering anything true horror in anime. There are a few, but you have already seen them. I also find the gore does not always equal horror. In fact one of the most unsettling anime in the form of psychological for me personally would be Shadow Star Narutaru (pokemon on acid), but once again, not really horror. I'd second the Judge mention from Gaff. Roots Search went straight to my list that looks super interesting. As for Lily Cat I've watched it! One of those VHS tapes I would have never remembered the name of haha. Good to know there's others out there that agree a true horror anime doesn't really exist. And that gore doesn't =/= anime. As for Narutaru I've actually read the manga it was fantastic. The anime was a little lacking in being as dark. Does Judge have another name? A Japanese one maybe? On a side note, I am not shy of watching older anime like some people might be. In fact I prefer it. Thank you all so much I can't wait to get started. Also if any of you haven't watched this little gem. Denpa Teki na Kanojo, give it a shot. Oh almost forgot elfin lied and another You didn't read my opening post did you? I've watched or tried everything you've mentioned. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
