http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140975-Game-of-Thrones/page3
 Game of Thrones - Page 3
 Don't kill Geoffrey yet. Let him actually develop his character a bit more (a definite possability now with new queen to be) and then, when he's actually starting to feel respectful, kill him. This'd actually be worth of a Vegas betting pool (who kills him) if it weren't for the books. Although I did appreciate the dragon BBQing its latest victim, I have to agree with GuyBrush that in that he should've that one coming from a mile away. Was sad to see the demise of Lord Commander. Sam made an interesting choice and it'll be interesting to see where it leads. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Kill a character that people don't like? I thought this was George RR Martin we were talking about here? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I always thought Lord Varyus was a creeper (because his intentions are unknown) even though he doesn't seem to be a dick to anyone. Once he gets his revenge what is he gonna do after since he accomplishes goal? I can't lie that kind of torture that he described is one hell of a a torture method, crazy experience. I'm sure his revenge will be excuted within a long span, since he wants him to suffer. What's the point of 4 minute revenge when he has waited forever? Actually, this new position for tyrion isn't as bad as it sounds. He can keep a low profile and nobody would suspect him to meddle with the higher echelon of power. In a way this can benefit him since it's dangerous. As for the game of thrones wiki, just avoid the "in the books" part. I did spoil myself on Daneryus visions that she had about her brothers. 
 Ive been reading book 3 and luckily I haven't come across to many spoilers. I like seeing the differences between the book and the show. 
 
 Holy crap, naked Ygritte. Best way for John to prove his trust xd. Also, dad almost walked in when the gay sex scene came up. bad timing jesus. Jaime is way too important to die at this point and I couldn't even hear half the damn story about the mad king. I got the part where he was told to kill his father in front of everyone? I think Rob did the right choice despite losing half of the man, however, I don't think his current wife is gonna like that he might have to marry his daughters to get any man to his side, if not something else entirely. Robb stark is the best king. Looks like Tywin doesn't even give a crap about Joffrey. Joffrey is gonna die real soon. What is Tyrion gonna do about Sansa? I think if he refuses maybe some sort of punishment...for both. Maybe they'll like each other and build a relationship since they both have to deal with their father or try to one up each other using this situation. This is getting so good. 
 YOU KNOW NOTHING JON SN--ohhh my lol ^__^ Book spoiler:  Spoiler Ok, so I know the Red Wedding is supposedly going to be episode 7, and this episode really is beginning to set itself up for that event. Gonna be intense. Bath scene was by far my favorite scene this episode ^^ 
 8/6/12 - Never forget T.O.B
 Originally Posted by sweetsakura YOU KNOW NOTHING JON SN--ohhh my lol ^__^ Book spoiler:  Spoiler Ok, so I know the Red Wedding is supposedly going to be episode 7, and this episode really is beginning to set itself up for that event. Gonna be intense. Bath scene was by far my favorite scene this episode ^^ You have no idea how tempting it is to just read that >.> John snow and ygritte for best couple. btw cam someone summarize what Deny's two advisers were talking about? didn't hear a thing. 
 Noooooooo!!!! Jeor Mormont! Here's to hoping Sam, like that fat ass who is pushed just a lil too far (and I don't mean past a salad bar/gym recruitment drive) finally flipping out and going all postal. Finally got to see someone get toasted by a dragon and it was a bit too horrific for me, even though he totally deserved it. Do I not like cgi green fire? Yes, I have not seen the latest episode. I tend to watch new stuff on Game Of Throne Wednesdays. Originally Posted by zer0 Also, dad almost walked in when the gay sex scene came up. bad timing jesus. Door locks. How do they work? Hopefully you managed to pull your pants up in time. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Door locks. How do they work? Hopefully you managed to pull your pants up in time. LOOL I was in the living room, i don't have tv. And my pants were up. 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 btw cam someone summarize what Deny's two advisers were talking about? didn't hear a thing. Barristan was basically insinuating that Jorah's reputation in Westeros would make people less receptive to her. It basically displayed their distrust of one another. The recap for this episode also showed clips of when Jorah was selling info to Westeros about Dany and her designs, so even though Jorah is loyal to Dany now, it served to remind the viewer that he hasn't been the most scrupulous adviser. That's basically the jist of it ^^ 
 8/6/12 - Never forget T.O.B
 The bath scene was really well done, and hopefully achieved changing people's opinion of Jaime. As awful a person as he is, he really did make the right choice in regards to Aerys. Robb is a god damn idiot and proving to be every bit his father's son. Can't see him escaping the same fate. Poor Arya. Losing all her friends and winding up a political hostage again. I think the fight between Beric and the Hound was easily the best choreography yet in the entire show. 

 Why is Robb an idiot? Are you saying Nedd stark isn't a great person. 
 Robb badly f*cked over the Frey's and is going back to their castle to dictate terms to a house full of *******s in order to go attack Casterly Rock. Meanwhile he's lost complete control of his army (lost the Karstarks and Boltons) and the North. He's doubling down on stupid. Ned was a just person and an in my opinion an idiot for being so unflinching to his personal code on some matters despite having made mistakes and breaking it previously. I mean you don't end up with a bastard son by staying on the straight and narrow. He was a person who dug his own grave, whether you think he was great or not is entirely your own discretion. I do think he was an interesting character though. 

 Originally Posted by sweetsakura Barristan was basically insinuating that Jorah's reputation in Westeros would make people less receptive to her. It basically displayed their distrust of one another. The recap for this episode also showed clips of when Jorah was selling info to Westeros about Dany and her designs, so even though Jorah is loyal to Dany now, it served to remind the viewer that he hasn't been the most scrupulous adviser. That's basically the jist of it ^^ hah That's actually pretty surprising coming from Jorah. I know he was supposed to be a spy for lard varyus because Rober baratheon wanted Dany dead. Dany is not aware of htis fact and if she was I think she would probably kill Jorah. I think jorah cold get away with it because any leaks would likely be blamed at the new guy. i couldnt find the clips of Jorah selling information bout her? EDIT: @ ian I won't disagree with you taht Robb is being a complete idiot on his new idea. I immediately went WTF too. I was more focusing on his decision to kill the old man which I agreed with. He kind of has to establish his dominance and he seems to have personal codes that he won't break and would rather kill him then fight with a man like that besides him when his mission is justice. Can you fault him for that? I don't think so. The old man was just pathetic honestly and good riddance. But if you think about it what can Robb too? I know this is possible the shittiest situation, he kind of already said **** you to Frey and is coming to tell him to give him some of his man. This is gonna backfire in the fiture like 20 fold for Robb stark, seeing as their *******s like you said Robb wont get away with this. So i take it Robb must have some outstanding offer to give to Frey, otherwise I really don't see how he can come out of this. He needs to have something for Frey and I just dont see what. I kind of predicted Robb would lose this war the moment he married that girl. That was easily his biggest mistake. 
 Last edited by Zer0; 04-29-2013 at 08:28 PM. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Poor Arya. Losing all her friends and winding up a political hostage again. I think the fight between Beric and the Hound was easily the best choreography yet in the entire show. The actor who plays Beric is ****ing amazing. 
 Jamie made the right move. He desperately needs someone to at least have sympathy for him, and Brienna's sense of honor would allow her to understand the choice he made and see his side of the story. Will be interesting to see how the relationship progresses, for I will defenintly be laughing at the look on his dad's face if it goes that far. Nice to see the queen finally having second thoughts about having dad around. I can't wait to see which one gets him first. The conversation between Barriston and Jonah was also a shoving match. Both trying to put the other in his place and neither really able to do so. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean The bath scene was really well done, and hopefully achieved changing people's opinion of Jaime. As awful a person as he is, he really did make the right choice in regards to Aerys. Robb is a god damn idiot and proving to be every bit his father's son. Can't see him escaping the same fate. Poor Arya. Losing all her friends and winding up a political hostage again. I think the fight between Beric and the Hound was easily the best choreography yet in the entire show. Rob is actually quite different from his father, Ned actually went through with his arranged marriage because of his sense of duty. Rob did not. I also think that Rob is perhaps a slightly more rutheless version of his father, although he did show mercy to Lannister prisoners. I beleive Ned likely commanded more respect from his bannermen due to his past wartime accomplishments. But I do agree that Rob's fate may turn out to be grim. I can't see this ending well for him. 

 Bah, it's the same story every time: A man is doing great things, when his heart is suddenly snared in a woman's grasp. Then it's all downhill. Women do be the ultimate hunters, because they hunt the most dangerous game. 
 Scythe Massakur's quote of the month: If you’re not paying for it, you’re the product being sold. Individual Eleven: Number 8:Warfare and weaponry - Join Us  Spoiler 
 Jorah was asking in a round-a-bout way to determine if Barristan Selmy knew that he was complicit in the assassination attempt on Dany (which became the catalyst for Khal Drogo's short-lived campaign to raid, pillage and sail to westeros) since he was providing information about her whereabouts. Remember that scene in season 1 during the Small Council meeting when Ned Stark threw the seal of the Hand to King Robert and walked off? Barristan wasn't present there (in the books he was, casting the only vote with Ned against killing Dany). So the fact Barristan wasn't there meant he was not privy to Jorah's involvement, and thus tell Dany or use that info as blackmail. Barristan's comment 'A man of honour keeps his vows, even if he's serving a drunk or a lunatic' is a interesting contrast to Jamie there, given they were both white cloaks (King's guard). Hope they don't omit the Sam the Slayer part. One of my favourite parts of the whole book. =/ 
 Dayaaam, I almost want to a flaming sword instead of a light sabre. Almost. I really must not read game of throne wiki. I really mustn't. And can we all agree to start typing her name as 'Eeeeeeehgrit?' Good. Still waiting for the killer scenes between Tywin and that old Tyrell hag. These happen right? I heard the Arya/Tywin scenes from last series were not in the book, and that was some of the best television I've seen in a while. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Dayaaam, I almost want to a flaming sword instead of a light sabre. Almost. I really must not read game of throne wiki. I really mustn't. And can we all agree to start typing her name as 'Eeeeeeehgrit?' Good. Still waiting for the killer scenes between Tywin and that old Tyrell hag. These happen right? I heard the Arya/Tywin scenes from last series were not in the book, and that was some of the best television I've seen in a while. new episode about to be out. And I'm calling on what Rob stark is gonna offer to the old fart for a deal. I think Cate is gonna do some stupid **** or offer his mother for a round of bj to everyone in freys command no but seriously, I know something is going to happen with Cate because Ben also had his vision **** in his dreams where he climbs a tree and his mom pushes him off. Isn't that supposed to represent something? Whatever robb has to offer, it's still gonna make him look like a dick. EDIT: an okay episode. I didn't feel satisfied with this. Also, what exactly does Melisandre want with the kid? Apparently he has the stannis blood in him as in related. Tyiron having to tell Sansa he has to marry her in front of shae was pretty funny when he said akward. Lord baelish is a douche. Is varys gonna get in trouble for this. 
 Last edited by Zer0; 05-05-2013 at 08:04 PM. 
 ^He's Roberts bastard, thus Stannis nephew. Unless he is Stannis's bastard and I wasn't paying attention in that episode last season. Looks like the lord of light crew are looking for a new player in the game of thrones thing. The Tywin/Grandma Tyrell scene was a bit of a let down. Balish was in a 3 way tie with Joffrey and the (not?) Carstark weirdo for the douchebag of the episode award. Still not sure why they are they wasting screen time showing Theon getting tortured. He's an ******* and has to pay or something, move on already. The final shot of the sun coming up over the wall was awesome if a tad bit dragged out, lol. Oh, and can't stop laughing at the fact that Thoros is being played by the dude who is best known for 'Dennis Pennis.' Yes, I will hook you up. Enjoy. 
 Last edited by Oh Snap.; 05-07-2013 at 12:27 PM. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 ^He's Roberts bastard, thus Stannis nephew. Unless he is Stannis's bastard and I wasn't paying attention in that episode last season. Looks like the lord of light crew are looking for a new player in the game of thrones thing. It flew over me, but what exactly does she plan on doing with everyone that's related stannis? Have sex and make those things that come out of her vagina. I think that's all I got from it. I also don't see any future whatsoever with the wildlings and john snow. Sure he has Ygritte but thats the ONLY person he has and the rest of him want to kill him. I almost forgot that the nightwatch started killing each which means the status quo can be completely rearranged (they all killed each other) and might give a chance for John snow to go back or something to make new rules etc. And the ones who know are his friends so they might not even care that he broke his promises and a traitor. If that doesn't happen, John snow either dies or runs off with Ygritte; he really doesn't belong wit them. Also, finally some Dany+dragon badassery for next episode. 1 year after this season ends. God this is gonna take forever, might as well read the books. 
 I thought she was going to replace Stannis with him. Lets face it, he's overstayed his welcome and Gendry is a heir and has Bratheon blood, so he would be key to getting the bannermen on board to continue 'the lords work.' However, I recall she said something like 'you will be the chooser of kings' or something, meaning some of that black magic may play a part and he could just an ingrediant for a spell or something, lol. Anyway, pretty interesting cult and I can wait to see more of the priests/witches. The lord of light = the red god, so wonder if the faceless men assasins group is connected. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I'm pretty sure she just wants Gendry for making more shadow babies. 

