http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138261-Too-soon-for-Touchscreen-desktop-yet
 Too soon for Touchscreen desktop yet?
 Just wondering what you guys think of the touch screen monitors as of now? I have windows 8 and would like to have a little fun with what it was designed for but I am not sure if I should get one now or wait a little while until the tech price drops if at all. Maybe its just gonna be a fad or if it is here to stay like other touch screen hand held devices. What do you think. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I think its a pointless thing to begin with. why a desktop? Isn't that what tablets are for? I see the desktop as a mother ship. It doesn't need all that flashy stuff. Its there with a strong powerful memory and internet connection. The tablet doesn't do everything the mother ship does but the things you'd need a touch screen for it will do. I personally don't want a tablet much either but its more logical than a touch screen desktop. From a Laptop kinda guys perspective. 
Fawxii Original 
 Touchscreen desktops have been around for awhile now, someone i knew had one and i got the chance to actually mess around with it. I personally don't like desktops because i'm a laptop kind of guy but the touchscreen feature added a nice touch to it. If you were going to purchase a touchscreen computer i would suggest you invest in the new laptops that hp has put out called the Envy x2 its a touchscreen laptop and it also acts as a table in which you can remove the keyboard and take the tablet part with you on the go. 
 Agreed with Takeshi I pick Samsung because its my favorite company.  Spoiler 
Fawxii Original 
 I have the windows OS on my nokia lumia basically the same concept as a desktop/laptop but smaller scale. Its cool, but i dont think i need a touch screen on a larger machine to use i more effectively. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Hm...So you guys say no to it for now eh? Well I guess its cool. There is this light up keyboard I really want for like under a hundred dollars anyway. Keys light up in three colors and with the super low lighting of my room it will be great for helping my type in the dark lol. Also I guess I should just save a lot of it anyway. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I'm not saying no, but i am saying you should buy the laptop/tablet instead . 
 If you want one, get it. Im just saying i wouldnt want one myself period. Im pretty sure they are nice and work properly. 
Fawxii Original 
 It definitely does have more usefulness on a laptop/hybrid device because in that scenario you don't end up with the dreaded "gorilla arm" that comes from holding your arm up to touch a touchscreen monitor. That said, I've been using one at work for almost two years now and there are times when it's useful and times when it's just novelty. Particularly on Windows 8, some apps - a lot of games especially - are basically impossible to play or use effectively without touch, though if you actually want to do stuff like that you'd want to invest in one of the newer touch monitors which support being moved around at all sorts of angles so you can almost lay them down completely for things. You'd also have to make sure you get one that supports capacitive touch and has at least five-finger touch support. The tl;dr version of all this is that you'll have to spend a lot of money on one. We're talking at least in the $500+ range, which at that point I'd say just get a Surface if you want to see what Windows 8 is all about on a touch screen (On a device it was made for, no less). 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
 Considering I already have a choice of mouse, trackpad, and keyboard to control my desktop, touching a screen, covering it with fingerprints and blocking most of what I see with my hand....Doesn't sound too useful. Now in a tablet format, that does not have those other input devices it makes sense. However on a desktop....nope. Windows 8 metro interface is really meant for tablets and the laptop/tablet combos, not for desktops. It is microsoft trying to mix their os with mobile os. Not a bad first attempt, but still a bit sloppy. 
 My current desktop computer is one of the newer models with touchscreen interface and the monitor/tower basically as one. I don't really use the touchscreen feature for alot of the above reasons. Fingerprints, smudges and the like will pretty much clog my screen. I doubt Ill be using Win 8, seeing as I only use the touchscreen feature when the batteries on my wireless mouse and keyboard die. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 seems more of a gimmick really. i have a new hp laptop that has a touch screen and have used it maybe a handful of times. it makes sense with a laptop that's also a tablet. its def too soon for them i'd say...until they make it somewhat useful to have a touchscreen laptop or desktop. 
 imo its stupid. If you want to touch something, get an ipad or a graphics tablet. My friend has touchscreen desktop for many years... and i'm like... why? dude bring me ur mouse i'll show you how its done... 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 i do not care for touchscreens on anything bigger tha a psvita or a tablet the idea of a touchscreen laptop is redundant. if theres touchscreen buttons then where would the key board go you could have a touchscreen keyboard but one wrong movement like if you put your hand on the board youd press a million buttons. maybe its just because im old fasion but id chose a key board laptop over a touchscreen one any second of the week. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Personally I hate touch screen computers, mainly because I hate the thought of finger prints on my screen, also I hate that plastic tape thing you can put on. Just use a tablet, brah. 
 I'm a gamer - touch screen is useless to me, I prefer typing because I'm fast at it and I don't need to look at the keyboard. Touch screen seems a bit over-rated, plus it varies on the person's taste - I'm just not digging into it, have the iPhone, the iPad etc - don't need more touchy touchy tech. 
 
 Sorry I love computers, you can't make me use touchsceens 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 The only reason i can see spending money on a touch screen for a tower computer would be for art like photoshop and gimp. 

 they seem to work fine from what i have seen. i don't see the point of them. my laptop has a touch screen and i never use it. seems like just a silly gimmick. 
 Touchscreen desktops is really nothing new. It is perfect for small portable devices, so extra peripherals will not boggle you down; however, on something as large as a desktop, there is really no point to it. Why would you want to slide your finger around when you can use a more precise mouse to point and click and save your screen the fingerprints. Furthermore, for the touchscreen to really be effective, it would need to be really close for you to reach it. Can you imagine staring so close at a large screen? My eyesight is poor enough. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I think they are great to have. so to say compatible to people who are busy in their business and manages things quite often. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Drexz I think they are great to have. so to say compatible to people who are busy in their business and manages things quite often. I have a touch screen laptop I use the touch screen when the mouse is too far away or I wanna spazz my game's camera. 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen I have a touch screen laptop I use the touch screen when the mouse is too far away or I wanna spazz my game's camera. That's one great way of using it... /clap /clap alright lesson learned everyone...don't do things like bloody does. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Well I'm use to the classic keyboard. Especially with gaming. It feels comfortable like that. I hate using touch keyboards. SO MUCH. 
 
 All I know is that the touchscreen comps I have used, suuuuuuuuuck soooooo god damn baaaaaaaaaaaaad. At least the touchscreen aspect of them. 
