http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?125701-Guyver-The-Bioboosted-Armor
 Guyver: The Bioboosted Armor
 Series: Guyver: The Bioboosted Armor Release Date: 2005 Genre: Action, Adventure, Science fiction Director: Katsuhito Akiyama Creator: Yoshiki Takaya Stuido: OLM Number of episodes: 26 Overview: From ANN Sho Fukamachi, a normal teenager accidentally found an alien object and thus, changed his life forever. The Unit bonded with Sho, resulting a powerful fighting lifeform called Guyver. With this great power, Sho battled the mysterious Chronos and its Zoanoids, in order to protect his friends and his world. Unknown to Sho, the battle against Chronos will lead to the discovery of the origins of human, their destiny, and the Creators.... Personal opinion Starting off the first few episodes in a high school setting where the leading character acquires a power-suit, the series gives off a typical shonen/super hero vibe. The evil Chronos sends malicious Bio enhanced troops after our lead Sho and his friends (the chubby, geeky Tetsuro and his younger sister along as Sho’s love interest Mizuki,) and in return Sho has to summon the powers of the guyver to fend them off. The first chunk of the series feels very episodic as not only do we get a new monster every episode but the biological armour Sho uses to combat these creatures demonstrates a new ability too. The number of things the Guyver unit can do is also pretty appealing to sifi lovers as the power armour is equipped with heat lasers, high frequency blades, gravitational control devices the list goes on. So the battles with the antagonists have the potential to be very interesting. As the series goes on however the tone grows darker and darker, it is made clear that the evil organization Chronos aren’t messing around, they are really trying to kill our leading character and acquire the Guyver suit by any means necessary. And this is one of the shows strongest points, the story as a whole is pretty straight forward but it has a thick layer of paranoia filling the show with uncertainty because the vanillins are relentless. Even the characters that join our heroes have hidden motivations and the mysteries surrounding the guyver unit itself adds to the air of suspense. But one of the problems this sparks is that we don’t get much development from the leads other than “bad things keep happing to them and they have to coop with it,” we get enough time with them at the beginning to know that they are nice people and that we should care for them, but as the show reaches the half way point some characters felt that they were lacking some depth. Visually, the human character models are fine and have differing features other than eye colour and hair, backgrounds range from passable to unintelligible as the forests look like they were painted by a ten year old. The zoanoids and guyvers are pretty well detailed with a lot of very distinctive colours and features. The problem with this is that they are harder to animate resulting in fairly short fights (But there are a large number of fights throughout the series) and at times very choppy animation, along with the usual tricks like key frames and speed lines. So ironically these bio weapons don’t feel very organic. There is also a heavy use of CG and in some instances it does make up for the lacking animation in the fight scenes, and while at first it may be a little distracting as the series progressed I actually thought it suited the show, though I can’t get into why without giving away spoilers. Audio-wise the soundtrack is fairly well orchestrated with slow paced pieces which are used when our characters are enjoying a moment of peace, while others enforce the overwhelming control of Chronos. In terms of sub vs dub just go with your personal preference as both have their strengths, the main example being our lead Sho. In the original vocal track he’s portrayed by Kenji Nojima who does an amazing job of making Sho sound vulnerable and confused, this doesn’t mean the VA for the English dub; Chris Patton doesn’t do a good job at that too, but what Patton excels at is natural anger which is also a key point of Sho’s character as he gets pushed over the edge a number of times. Overall Guyver: The Bioboosted Armor is a fairly dark action show which is quite lacking in the animation department and unfortunately that limits the appeal. So it gets a passive recommendation, if you are into both sifi and action, or you are really fond of the idea of power suits (like the ones in Gantz, Bubblegum crises, etc) then I suggest you look into this one. 
 Last edited by Green Bird; 02-21-2012 at 09:59 AM. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
