http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159501-Gundam-x-Hip-Hop-Designs
 Gundam x Hip Hop Designs
 Earlier this month I decided to finally create the fan art I always wanted, or at least design something that I would want to have on a tshirt. That's right, a Gundam shirt that had some Hip Hop flavor. After I was done with the first design, however, I knew that I couldn't just stop with the original Gundam because there were so many other mobile suits in the original series along. So one by one I started to design more, and I am still in the process of making more. I love Gundam and I also love Hip Hop culture as it's been a great outlet for my creativity visually, musically, and with dance. I hope some of you can appreciate these designs I made. Feel free to check out the link below the image if you think you may want a shirt with one of these designs on it. https://www.teepublic.com/user/EasterlyArt 
 Last edited by DJ RX-78; 02-05-2015 at 11:02 PM. Reason: Link wasn't noticeable. 
 I also couldn't help myself from posing some of my figures with the original drawings for some of the designs. 
 
 New designs. MS-07B-3 Gouf Custom RB-79 Ball 
 Prepping some prints and stickers to sell, and hopefully I'll be able to show up at ACEN this year with all of them! Love how well the stickers came out! 
 I dont particularly like gundam but the stickers did indeed come out dope. I wish it didnt have a sticker on the hat cause I hate that **** but eh preference lol. GJ though this came out looking nice man. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Originally Posted by TonyTony I dont particularly like gundam but the stickers did indeed come out dope. I wish it didnt have a sticker on the hat cause I hate that **** but eh preference lol. GJ though this came out looking nice man. Thank you, I appreciate the comment! As for the sticker on the hat, it's sort has to do with the idea of keeping something "fresh". Like shoes you only wear on special occasions because you don't want to scuff them up. I think the best over exaggerated example of this was done on an episode of Key & Peele, and the skit was called Dueling Hats. Though to each their own. 
 Just finished another one! 
 OH MY GOD Dude these are amazing, what a fantastic idea. They were manufactured so damn well, marvelous creativity and passion, my man. If you sell them online, I'll totally look into buying a shirt. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name OH MY GOD Dude these are amazing, what a fantastic idea. They were manufactured so damn well, marvelous creativity and passion, my man. If you sell them online, I'll totally look into buying a shirt. Thank you so much! Also, derp! Here is the link: https://www.teepublic.com/user/EasterlyArt 
 Two new designs are finished! This time representing the Graffiti element of Hip Hop. 
 I additionally have prints available on my Etsy page, and each print (except for the Ball) comes with a sticker that matches the prints. I hope that I'll be able to sell these prints and more during this years anime convention season, starting off at ACEN if I get accepted into artist alley, Anime Midwest, and eventually Youmacon. So if you or someone you know likes or even loves Gundam, I would appreciate the help of letting people know about my work. Thank you! https://www.etsy.com/shop/EasterlyArt http://easterlyart.tumblr.com/ https://www.facebook.com/EasterlyArt 
