http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156393-Kill-la-Kill-worth-the-watch-Please-help-me-decide!!
[Anime] Kill la Kill...worth the watch? Please help me decide!!
 Soo I've been hearing Kill la Kill a lot but idk if want to see it or not, like a part of me does but the other part doesnt want me to, so please help decide or at least give me reasons that will help make up my mind if I should watch it or not, Arigato Minna-san! 

 I say try it you're already thinking about it...why not, plus storyline ain't that bad..and a girl that fights is always a great bonus 
 Just watch a couple of episodes and drop it if you don't like it. What's the worst thing that could happen? 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Its made by the same people that did Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagaan, so if you liked that show you will definitely like Kill la Kill. 
 Do you like bomb-ass titties? Also butts? Also a cast of empowered female leads being hot-blooded as all get out? It's a very odd mixture of typically shounen themes with almost parody-levels of fanservice that seemed like a joke mocking recent trends in fanservice as much as it seemed to be genuine fanservice. Given the background of the studio involved it really could be either one, but yeah if you're bothered by Gainax levels of boob bouncing or very risque costume design it probably isn't for you. The action scenes and plot driving the show definitely are reminiscent of TTGL though and it's a fun show if you do get past the fanservice. 

 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Thanks for the description ian the Korean. I will try to add it to my watch list. I still need to get to gurren lagaan. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Thanks guys for your answers and WesleyV1 thanks for sending that review video. I'll start watching it! 

 It was way to ecchi for me, but it was a good show if you that doesn't bother you. 

 Originally Posted by T-ELOS It was way to ecchi for me, but it was a good show if you that doesn't bother you. "Way to ecchi" sounds like you're praising the show, lol. I'm just being cheeky and not reading the "to" as a "too" like how you intended it to be read...or did you? OP: KlaK, as you will soon find, is an anime which believes that it could weave outrageous action and fanservice with presidential action and comedy. The show was straight solomon. A very rewarding journey which seems to spiral in a direction worthy of it's ancestors, one being Gurren Lagaan. Watch it not to conform, but to enjoy. 
