http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157244-Anime-that-have-ended-without-finishing
[Anime] Anime that have ended without finishing.
 What are some of the anime that you guys loved but found that they never actually finished. I have a couple my favorite being Oda Nobuna no Yabou. Spice and Wolf is also one. Never give up hope that one day, someone will finish the anime so that you can watch it! ^_^ 
 Twelve Kingdoms is the worst offender for never being finished. They ended at the end of Book 4 and never finished the last few books and Yoko's story. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 The only one I can think of is elfen lied, because they started making the anime before the manga was completed and then the Japanese public didn't like it so no more was made, I really liked that show. Oh wait and Darker than Black, I heard there was gonna be more quite awhile ago but idk what happened, that show was amazing. Edit: I also remember than Rosario + Vampire ended without finishing, I really liked that show but supposedly the second season didn't do so well in japan so probably won't be another season. 
 Best Anime!!
 Elfen Lied , Deadman Wonderland , The Legend of the Legendary Heroes , Kiss x sis , that's all I can remember for now ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Tsubasa Chronicle The Twelve Kingdoms Chrome Shelled Regios Kaze no Stigma 
 As far as I know, Bleach never finished - I watched it up to the  Spoiler point of when Ichigo actually killed Aizen . Then I watched no further because my brother told me that it had not finished. The anime just stopped... 
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Elfen Lied , Deadman Wonderland , The Legend of the Legendary Heroes , Kiss x sis , that's all I can remember for now ... I'd have to agree with all of those. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Betterman, Black lagoon, deadman wonderland, air, big windup, birdy the mighty decode, supernatural, and corpse princess 
 Last edited by wesleyv1; 06-29-2014 at 12:12 PM. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 And also DGray man. It's a shame because both of the manga and the anime never have been finished. The anime is litteraly on hiatus and stopped at 103 episodes. The worse part is that the anime was in middle of an arc.. It's you see at the end of an episode this scary sentence "to be continued" and that never continues.. For the manga... author stopped writing DGM since 2013. 
 For me it's, Deadman Wonderland and Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo. 
 Oh yea I forgot one, there's also Saiunkoku Monogatari 
 Aesthetica of a rogue hero!! It must continue! I need more 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Zoltor : oh it's true. What is sad is this manga is great, it is too bad :x 
 Oda Nobuna no Yabou and Tsubasa Chronicles were major ones for me, also I believe Dream Eater Merry and Crime Edge were ones I'd liked to have seen finished. 
 Oh and the light novel of Kaze no Stigma because the author isn't alive anymore 
 How could I forget Mayo Chiki?! It was only this year that I finished the manga, and what a ride it was. 
 Kokoro Connect, I think they had alot going for it, and still left alot unexplained. All the companies fault anyway 

 Rosario Vampire. I wish they put more depth into the story of Tsukune and Moka. At the end, he receives power but they just end it there kind've which sucks. 
 Unfortunately it started diverting from the Manga and the Japanese public didn't like it so the second season didn't do well, I really like Rosario + Vampire and would love a 3rd season because the manga gets really good after Tsukune gets his powers. 
 Best Anime!!
 Berserk ended without finishing, but I never held that against it, since that was sort of the point. It was made to attract people to the manga, and for me at least, it succeeded. It told a decent version of the manga's golden age arc, which could be considered an entire story in its own right, but it still ended on a cliffhanger than people who don't read manga would likely be disappointed with. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I forgot to mention Saint Seiya. (the true manga !!!) it ends up on a ****ing cliffhanger. We don't even know what would happening to the worlds and there are a lot of major plot points which aren't solved. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Berserk ended without finishing, but I never held that against it, since that was sort of the point. It was made to attract people to the manga, and for me at least, it succeeded. It told a decent version of the manga's golden age arc, which could be considered an entire story in its own right, but it still ended on a cliffhanger than people who don't read manga would likely be disappointed with. Well considering that from episode 2 onward the series turns into a prequal. It's not that big of a cliffhanger 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Nioey Kokoro Connect, I think they had alot going for it, and still left alot unexplained. All the companies fault anyway Yessssssssssss. Kokoro Connect was a great anime but it ended so horribly. Originally Posted by Shmuser Name How could I forget Mayo Chiki?! It was only this year that I finished the manga, and what a ride it was. Mayo Chiki's ending was legitimately the worst ending I've ever seen for a anime. It was literally 0/10 **** tier. 
 http://varsityanimu.tumblr.com/ 
 Originally Posted by Onii-Chan Yessssssssssss. Kokoro Connect was a great anime but it ended so horribly. Mayo Chiki's ending was legitimately the worst ending I've ever seen for a anime. It was literally 0/10 **** tier. The anime's ending was lame, although I feel that the Neko Kouhai was still the best girl next to Subaru herself. Man, the manga had this very minimal harem-esque ending with a giant slap of romance that everyone was dying for. Its like the writer(s) was like, "Okay here's the final shipping that almost everyone agrees with, but I DON'T WANT TO GIVE UP MY HAREM." What a selfish prick. 
 I hated Neko. She reminded me of Snooki. I loved Subaru she was my favorite character. 
 http://varsityanimu.tumblr.com/ 
