http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155698-Anime-that-disappointed-you
[Anime] Anime that disappointed you
 Were there shows you had heard great things about, had you excited about watching them but when the time came to watch them, you just weren't feeling it? If so what shows disappointed you? For me Fruits Basket, Innu Yasha and Kenshin fell short of my expectations for various reasons. 
 Betterman, air, berzerk, baki the grappler, deadman wonderland, cashern sins, and corpse princess. I didn't like how these ended most had the infamous "read the manga" ending but some just had really crap endings 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 that god damned Elfen Lied And I'll add Bleach to the list. Tried 2 or 3 times to get hooked on it, couldn't pass the 5 episode mark 
 Wow. You know as a person who doesn't watch much anime, I must say, any show that I'm gonna take a look at, I have fair expectations of. Not to say that I expect everything to be epic, but I certainly don't wish to be disappointed. With that logic, I've had many disappointments and prefer to only recall shows that I thought were good because to me, the good shows were memorable in the first place and therefore worth watching. 
 Last edited by The_Archangel; 02-26-2014 at 09:55 PM. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Blazblue Alter Memory was so far the only anime that disappointed me. Maybe it would be good for those who hadn't played the first two games, but for someone who had it just seemed.....lackluster. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Schools days . i expected that it was only a romantic high school life genre but........ at the middle of series i was like "the **** did i just watch?!" . (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Hetali and watamote made me furious. We'll not furious but frustrated that later led to disappointment 

 Actually there are a lot of shows like that, the ones I remember right now are: -Coppelion. -Claymore. -Hamatora. -Umineko No Naku Koro Ni. 
 Ninja Scroll Chaos Head Chobits Deadman Wonderland Is This a Zombie? Sankarea White Album (the first one) 
 I'll always be disappointed with the train wreck that is Ergo Proxy. Such incredible potential to tell an uncomfortable and thought-provoking story with so many layers that was ruined by bashing rudimentary philosophy over the heads of its audience. It could have been so great but it got way too full of itself. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I'll always be disappointed with the train wreck that is Ergo Proxy. Such incredible potential to tell an uncomfortable and thought-provoking story with so many layers that was ruined by bashing rudimentary philosophy over the heads of its audience. It could have been so great but it got way too full of itself. oh, what he said. I completely forgot about this one. The only show i ever dropped without considering it to be bad. Just couldn't take it anymore, it was trying soooo much to be the "wisest show ever" and became unwatchable 
 If movies count, then my number one would definitely be One Piece Film Z. Absolutely god-awful, and yet I was very excited for it. Otherwise, I'd say Sword Art Online for the sole fact that it didn't end after the first arc (that damned 2nd arc, ugh why). 
 Rosario+Vampire I was hoping it would show variety of monsters from different countries with a story behind each monsters but I was wrong.. very. very. wrong. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Friggin prince of tennis. I couldn't pass 5-6 minutes of it. 
Being reluctant isnt the same as being a hero... 
 Originally Posted by Reluctant Hero Friggin prince of tennis. I couldn't pass 5-6 minutes of it. I think the title should give away that it was probably a bad anime lol. 
 For me, the choices are actually kind of surprising (if you know me): - Coppelion: What a waste of a perfectly random WTF-style manga. Instead, we get the slowest-of-slow first four episodes that have ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with the series as a whole... and they tried so hard to make it serious. I defended this show until the seventh episode, and then I just couldn't. It took its time with the worst parts of the manga, and I don't understand why. - Kotoura-san: Best first ten minutes of all of the anime that season, followed by the worst 280 minutes of all of the anime of that season. I understand it was based on a 4-koma, but honestly, they should have kept going with the grimdarkness of the first 10 minutes. It would have been the ballsiest move ever. - Sword Art Online: After the awesomeness that was Accel World, I thought that the adaptation for SAO would hit the right parts, too... and instead, we got the worst parts of THAT story, too. - Shingeki no Kyojin: The pacing. Good lord, the pacing. Also, that godawful last arc. - Space Dandy: So... Cowboy Bebop crew and BONES get together to make another space anime. What could possibly go wrong? Oh, right. The lack of a story that has anything to do with itself from episode to episode, the uninspired characters, the lackluster music, and most of all, the absolute bait-and-switch from the advertisements to the actual anime. What a worthless pile of **** this show is, outside of the "watching the kid" episode. For real, I feel trolled. 
 
 Some people may yell at me for saying this but Death Note. I've seen multiple american cartoons and tv shows in general that have done "comedy" episodes on the idea of a death note. I just think the idea is boring and it's hard for me to watch the first episode. But I'm sure it's a great anime with the amount of fans and I really like the artwork for it. I could never get past the first few episodes. Another anime for me that disappointed me greatly was Fruits Baskets. The first episode was God awful in my opinion and I had no idea what was going on whatsoever. Again I've heard great things about the anime but I just never got interested in the anime. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Why do people dislike the second part of sword art online so much? Without giving the story away I thought it was as touching if not more so than the first one. I personally thought that the "quest" of the second was more personal than the first. And I liked the ending too even though it left things open for more in the series. Edit - don't get me wrong I understand the first series seems to be more tightly told and edited then the second one. As far as a "gripping" story goes the first part does win in that department. But I enjoyed the ride just as much in a different way for the second part. For me I've often found the only dislikes of the series I've watched is when it's cut short. Some do seem rushed. I can't point one out at the moment but it seems like that happens more often than it should. 
 Angel Sanctuary. Epic Manga, horrible Anime Mirai Nikki. Seemed like it was going somewhere, then it didn't. Ninja Scroll (Series). Amazing movie, a wtf series. 
 http://fromtheshadowsofficial.bandcamp.com
 Originally Posted by JasinElric Mirai Nikki. Seemed like it was going somewhere, then it didn't. Gonna stop you right there and say, "Are you serious?" 
 
 Originally Posted by 早乙女乱麻 Gonna stop you right there and say, "Are you serious?" I can see you really like it, so I won't dig into it. I will say that it's the story in general I didn't enjoy. The character development was fantastic and Gasai Yuno is one of my favorite characters in Anime in general. 
 http://fromtheshadowsofficial.bandcamp.com
 I think for me It would probably Deadman Wonderland....The story and art doesn't really match up anywhere to the manga and it was just total garbage. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Originally Posted by Twigster I think for me It would probably Deadman Wonderland....The story and art doesn't really match up anywhere to the manga and it was just total garbage. They confirmed a second season, so hey maybe they'll make up for it (psst~ I thought it sucked too). 
 Originally Posted by TucemStriso that god damned Elfen Lied QFT. It is...lack luster at best for anything that could be considered "a plot". It was later said that I should read the manga to get more out of it. I did. That too, was a great waste of time. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 Originally Posted by JasinElric I can see you really like it, so I won't dig into it. I will say that it's the story in general I didn't enjoy. The character development was fantastic and Gasai Yuno is one of my favorite characters in Anime in general. Ah, fair enough. But saying it didn't go anywhere isn't exactly accurate. :P 
 
