http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152480-AnoHana-Movie
 AnoHana Movie
 Well all AnoHana fans would know that the movie aired in Japan a while back. So my questions are When will America see the movie? (at least on websites) And if you know a place I could watch it, could you leave a link? Thanks! Also I'd like to use this thread as general AnoHana discussion! 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 http://www.aniplexusa.com/anohanamovie/ 
 
 OMG, Thanks a lot!!! 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Is there any news as to when this is out in the UK? 
 All hail our chicken overlords!
 I don't think there is an theatrical release for the UK. 
 I'm excited to see it in San Fransisco! This was one of my favorite anime I've ever watched, and I was anxious to see the movie. Thanks to ZeRo for posting the website, I appreciate it. 

 I was considering it, but its a 5 hour drive to both theaters from where I live and not to mention i'm the only one of my friends that watches anime, so they wouldn't bother driving there with me to see it. I'll just wait for the DVD release. 

 Someone can tell me how much long until this movie it's available for download? 
 When it gets released. 
 I'm going to see it in nyc tomarrow night can't wait to see it in the bug screen 
 saw the premier...although it was kind of like a retelling it was done pretty well and it did make me tear up especially towards the end ;( 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 So I was searching around, and I found the movie online!!!!!!! buuuttttt, I can't find it with subs message me if u want to know where to watch it! 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 I still haven't seen the anime series, better get on that soon I guess; been meaning to for way too long anyway 
 I wonder what the difference would be... 
 
 Originally Posted by Tragedy ♥ I wonder what the difference would be... This time, it was shown through the eyes of Menma(from what I've heard). They probably wanted to give it more feels. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ This time, it was shown through the eyes of Menma(from what I've heard). They probably wanted to give it more feels. Make us cry some more? Lovely. 
 
 Originally Posted by Tragedy ♥ Make us cry some more? Lovely. It also adds on to the story of what happens after, it should also include them writing her letters back and stuff, but I'm still waiting for it with subs 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Well I enjoyed the show alot especially towards the end. The amount of feels just in that last scene alone is enough for me haha. I have a friend who has managed to see the movie in Japan and he told me it was pretty good. Is there an online version with subs yet? If not I don't mind waiting and to be honest ain't most movies like a re-telling of sorts. The Gurran Lagann movie was quite the same albeit a better ending battle. 
 Originally Posted by Mosh Well I enjoyed the show alot especially towards the end. The amount of feels just in that last scene alone is enough for me haha. I have a friend who has managed to see the movie in Japan and he told me it was pretty good. Is there an online version with subs yet? If not I don't mind waiting and to be honest ain't most movies like a re-telling of sorts. The Gurran Lagann movie was quite the same albeit a better ending battle. No version with subs from what i found, only raw 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Originally Posted by RunawayPanda No version with subs from what i found, only raw Thats a shame when they eventually do it I will watch it as soon as possible Thanks for letting me know 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 HUGE UPDATE!!!! I was searching around randomly on the internet and it seems the movie is finally subbed, still waiting to watch it, since putting it off just makes it even more exciting! Just thought I would share that 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
