http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159004-The-Official-Free-Rice-Thread
 The Official Free Rice Thread
 The Official Free Rice Thread I thought this was necessary to introduce to the forum as it plays a large role in supporting poor families in Africa, those who can't afford food and most likely starve. Some of you may, or may not be aware of what the organization Free Rice is or does. So What is it? Now before people start saying this is advertisement Free Rice is a non-profit website that is owned by the United Nations World Food Program, its main goals are to provide an education to everyone for free whilst helping to end world hunger by providing free rice to starving families for free! The website provides both guests and members questions of their chosen subject, for each answer they get right, ten grains of rice is automatically donated! So in theory, you're ending world hunger with your brain. "Whether you are CEO of a large corporation or a street child in a poor country, improving your education can improve your life. It is a great investment in yourself. Perhaps even greater is the investment your donated rice makes in hungry human beings, enabling them to function and be productive. Somewhere in the world, a person is eating rice that you helped provide" What do I do? Well obviously you're not obliged to do anything, though if you feel you want to get involved with Free Rice then you merely need look up the website (or follow the link here) and start answering some academical questions! The more you get right, the more rice is donated! Oh and everything is completely free, there's no subscription or anything! Team A4 Currently I haven't made a group for this forum as I'm not sure whether people will have enough time and/or be interested in the Free Rice site. Though if this gets attention I'll happily create a group where all our members can join up and show what we may accomplish! My account on Free Rice has the same username as this. If you wish to find me there feel free. Please note this isn't a forum, don't get the impression I'm advertising a social website. It's for people to answer questions and donate rice in a free and safe manner. The only way I could relate this to being a social site is the group system, and event that isn't really relevant. Anyway here's the link to the site http://freerice.com/ I'll keep this thread updated on news of groups, and so on. See you there, let's end world hunger! Update: 1 Team Anime-Forums has been established, we have our own group!Added links in pictures, makes life a little easier. 
 Last edited by Rhyme's Law; 11-19-2014 at 12:27 PM. 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
