http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155551-Baccano-episode-1
[Anime] Baccano episode 1 ?
 Just got off of watching episode 1 of Baccano and I am just baffled by what happened...and trying my best to gather what's really happening so far. So can someone just fill me in, if possible ? And you could give me your impression on the series it self. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 So can someone just fill me in, if possible ? It's best not to as the rest of the series explains it to you. Informing you on what is going on (even in the broadest sense,) would spoil the series. So, I would recommend watching a few more episodes before trying to make sense of any of it. As for my thoughts on the show itself, it's pretty cool! Really like the setting and how it feels rather authentic with the music and the terminology the dub cast uses. I didn't particularly care for Eve Genoard's story but the rest of the show was a fun ride. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
 Yeah like green bird the best i can tell you is just keep watching it all comes full circle by the end of it. As for my impression of the show. I think it's great. It's definitely a stand alone in terms of concept and story. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 JUST GO WITH IT I stopped watching after the 1st episode and when I finally went back i was amazed, 
 Ok...well if you guys say so I'll just try to make sense of it then. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Tbh Twigster, I still don't entirely know what went on in Baccano! when I completed the series. I understood much of it, however some things still remain unclear to me, but I do plan on re-watching the show sometime in the future to possibly clear up any loose ends in the story. It's still an incredibly awesome anime and so whatever I felt I missed, it didn't really matter either way in my opinion lol. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I really liked this series, Baccano; amazing, just stupendous; I see why this anime has such a strong and enthusiastic following. Multiple narratives, separate yet intertwined plotlines that span over various timelines, mafia meets supernatural themes just like one of my old favorites GunGrave; and every bit as brilliant; this anime has replay value all over it. Now that I think about it, this Baccano feels to me like someone took GunGrave, Fullmetal Alchemist, mashed them together and added a dash of that old movie Snatch. Aside from the comedy which was similar to Snatch, the opening theme song/ beginning montage was remarkably similar to the character introduction montage on Snatch; as a matter of fact, it was more or less identical. When I first started it, I did get a little concerned about it falling into self-indulgence and pretentiousness that often plagues anime that attempts to experiment; however, while this one was unique in its method of presenting the various plotlines simultaneously, it worked out to complement the overall execution. For me, I find when anime is experimented with, it either succeeds greatly or completely fails as viewable entertainment; shows like The Tatami Galaxy, or the way some of the scenes on Puella Magi Madoka Magica are done are prefect examples of when anime pulls off a unique presentation in such a way that it not only complements, but enhances the entire overall execution. To make my consensus on this anime clear; it makes more sense as the viewer progresses through it, great anime. 
 
 Originally Posted by Eamonisgod JUST GO WITH IT I stopped watching after the 1st episode and when I finally went back i was amazed, I hope it will be the same for me, cuz i stopped after the first one as well. I guess I wasn't in the mood back then but it's on my to watch list 
 All what I have to say is that is the natural re-action to the first episode, continue the whole thing and believe me you will not regret it. It's this kind of "one-genre anime" and totally worth watching. Edit: I recommend watching Durarara! after finishing it. 
 Yeah, sh1t anime. I suggest you drop it and go back to Bleach and One Piece asap. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Yeah, sh1t anime. I suggest you drop it and go back to Bleach and One Piece asap. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 I pimped this anime to all the forum when it was airing. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
