http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153484-Good-romantic-tragedy-animeeeeeeee!!!!!!
 Good romantic tragedy animeeeeeeee!!!!!!
 yeah, im looking for an Anime i can really sink my teeth into and cry with it till the end, i want something to make me feel emotionally depressed, does anyone know good animes that grip your heart and tighten as you finish watching? please tell me i have been dieing to find one since clannad but everything i watch is pretty dull. help me out? 
 Hmmm I'm not sure I know any tragedies :O Toradora! had a lot of romance and there were scenes that brought me to tears but I wouldn't call it a tragedy. I'm rather interested to see what other people suggest though 
 5cm/second. No tragedy like deaths, murders, or such, but the feel is just........saddening. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 Clannad Air Angel beats 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 ive watched angel beats before Clannad, i love angel beats but after i watched clannad i felt that my emotions had been turned iff, i just cant find anything as good as that but the way you talk about and the way i hear about: Air 5cm/second Toradora i see people are very passionate about these animes, as i am for clannad and Myself; Yourself. i just want to thank you for all the consideration that ws placed into each post. THANK YOU! 
 Have you seen anohana? 

 Also the 2006 version of kanon 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Jinta Have you seen anohana? Anohana was certainly tragic but I didn't see too much of the romance element...If you're looking for something to cry at for 2 hours (Or at least this was the case for me) then Anohana is definitely a way to go 
 Well, maybe it's not a romance story, but "Rideback" is tragic with a touching final episode. Also a short 12 eps so you could watch it as a filler between your other shows. 

 Inuyasha+Inuyasha the Final Act(You couldn't get more tragic then that if you tried, and has many of, including the single saddest scene in the history of moving pictures in general) While I can't acknowledge it as a romance, there is a bunch of tragedy that are relationship based(and has a couple of the saddest scenes ever, including the second saddest scene ever created). That's all that comes to mind, for some reason there aren't many Japanese writers that are willing to put in the work/effort to create such stories(and such are even harder to turn into anime, as you need an exceptionally great VA staff to pull it off, not to mention the money needed to make every aspect damn near perfect, needless to say you need to really have faith/and care about the piece you're creating). 
 School days lol 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 school days lol yesssss school days!!!!!! 

 Dude i was joking 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Dude i was joking School days was great though! A lot of people hate it but i love it. Worth watching! 

 Nuff said 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Nuff said To each his own. 

 Ouran High School Host Club has some pretty sad scenes, but it is more funny than tragic, so... Also, there is an anime movie called the Girl Who Leapt Through Time. I loved it. Try it out. 

 lol'd at school days. Yes, it's comedy because apparently it's stupid. I haven't seen it but based on yt reviews and peoples comments about it, I may never watch it. anyway, I suggest Air or maybe True Tears. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I noticed nobody in this thread said Love Hina. Ai Yori Aoshi and Shuffle! are also a couple of good ones, I'd say 
 Ai yuri aoshi isn't a tragedy. Don't get me wrong it has some sad momments but i wouldn't call them tragic 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 You can try ef- a tale of memories/melodies, it's alot like clannad, and there's really no one main character, it focuses on four groups of characters I think 

 White Album 2 Kimi Ga Nozomu Eien Nana Sola True Tears Anything by KEY 
 Every person I've recommended AnoHana to has cried. Even those that didn't watch anime. So yea, go watch that. Trustt 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 Seconding Anohana and Clannad, thought Anohana isn't really show that much romance, it is one of the main elements of the series and had me in tears, same with Clannad. Angel Beat also done the same, but it wasn't as sad as those mentioned before, but still got me. Something a bit more mature that fits what you want is School Days, but you either hate it or love it. I'm one of the few in the middle, since I wasn't expecting that ending. 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 I recommend Tasogare Otome x Amnesia. I enjoyed the romance, and towards the end it gets tragic. 
