http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?125349-Trigun-Badlands-Rumble
 Trigun: Badlands Rumble
 Series: Trigun: Badlands Rumble Release Date: 2010 Genre: Action, Comedy, Science fiction Director: Satoshi Nishimura Writer: Yasuhiro Nightow Overview: From ANN 20 years after meddling into the bank heist of a notorious robber named Gasback, Vash the Stampede is heading towards Macca City. Rumors say that the legendary thief might appear there causing an enormous influx of bounty hunters in the area who want to collect the $$300,000,000 prize for his head. Personal Opinion As this isn’t a continuation from the Trigun 1998 anime, rather a standalone story which arguably takes place half way through the anime. Whether it is cannon is debatable because the events in this movie don’t really affect the main characters from the anime. The problem with this is the characters don’t develop and any drama derived from these characters feels shallow. The characters of Trigun however may not need it as their personalities differ greatly, and if anything they are vastly entertaining in this feature. The movie attempts to counter the lack of development from the already existing characters by introducing two new ones who have a major part to play in Badlands rumble’s story. Speaking of the plot itself, it is fairly poor. Not just because the events in the movie aren’t so substantial that they contradict the anime, but as a result it’s pretty predictable as the number of directions this story can go are somewhat limited. I can’t excuse the problems I have with the story, but I can’t condemn the film either because while flawed, the movie was never boring. Sure the dramatic moments fall short but it never really bothered me too much due to the pacing, plus it had so much ludicrous action and personality which mimicked the anime series that I couldn’t help but be entertained. Badlands Rumble is impressive visually but that’s to be expected due to the budget. But in comparison to other feature length anime films it’s not great, simply good. It feels like a polished version of the 1998 series, same character models just presented a lot better. Backgrounds are well detailed and when the animation gets going you sit down and pay attention, sometimes with your mouth open with its great action sequences, which are probably one of the only things newcomers are going to care for. Audio-wise the sound track fits well giving off a new age rock’n wild west vibe and it’s used to great effect. Although most of the standouts are remixes from the tv series like “the stampede” which is an extended version of the old opening theme. Voice acting wise, I have to be honest, because the themes and the setting I almost never watched Trigun in its original Japanese. Nor did I bother with it in this movie, so this review on the audio track will only cover the English version. Johnny Young Bosch reprises his first voice acting role in anime as Vash and despite not having voiced a character quite like this in 10 years he does an amazing job. The rest of the old cast however don’t return, so the rest of the dub isn’t authentic to its 1998 counterpart. But though I do prefer the old voices the new cast are better performers. Overall Trigun: Badlands Rumble doesn’t stand on par with its 1998’s counterpart, but it is good enough to recommend to fans of that series as they will at least get some enjoyment value from it, even if it’s just a fling. So it gets a passive recommendation, if you’re not already a fan of this kind of thing, it’s probably worth skipping. 
 Last edited by Green Bird; 12-26-2011 at 08:13 PM. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
