http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?160028-need-more-anime-in-my-collection
[Anime] need more anime in my collection
 As of now the only anime in my dvd collection are sailor moon s1 prt1, the marvel animes (ironman, X-Men, wolverine, and blade) blue drop, bamboo blade, loupes gaurus, appleseed, and lady death. I was wondering if you guys could recommend some anime based on my top five ( sailormoon, clannad, blue drop, shaman king, digimon) or based on the anime I've listed above. Thanx in advance i appreciate the help 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Madoka, if its out yet wixoss. Pokemon for digimon? I guess they are similar. Unfortunately I haven't seen the other shows you mentioned so I can't help there. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Shadow Skill, Kiba(actually Kiba is very much like Shaman King in so many ways, so much so, It's virtually the same thing, just in a fantasy setting, and with extra elements added to it), and Yu Yu Hakusho are sort of like Shaman King. You want a great drama, slice of life anime, Kemono no souja erin(so great it puts clannad to shame), unfortunately you'll need to pick up a unlicensed Maylasion release sigh, since for some reason the official DvD release, doesn't have a sub option(even though the Japanese themselves subbed the series at day zero, long before the DvD release) Aside from Kemono no souja erin, perhaps check out Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo, It's a pretty damn awesome anime. Not really the same thing as Sailor Moon, but perhaps you would like Elemental Gelade, Busou Renken, and Zero no Tsukaima PS. Avoid Pokémon like the plague, It's the same 3 things repeated over, and over again for over 700 episodes. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; Today at 10:54 AM. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Thanx guys. I'll keep my eyes open for those and zoltor don't worry i wouldn't touch pokemon with a ten foot pole 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 want something close to clannad watch tasogare otome x amnesia its a bit dark compared to clannad but it has a very interesting story and good romance  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Thanx guys. I'll keep my eyes open for those and zoltor don't worry i wouldn't touch pokemon with a ten foot pole Awesome, you'll love them I'm sure. (looks at sig)Why do I find that hard to believe lol. PS. Oh wait a second, I do know a anime that's a lot like Sailor Moon, the only real difference is, It's not virtually a all female cast, and thankfully there's no one as annoying as Sailor Moon or Sailor Mercury in this. Check out Fushigi Yugi: The Mysterious Play, for such a early Shoujo, It's a damn awesome anime. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 I would definitely recommend Soul Eater if you haven't already seen it. 
 I had a Sailor Moon video tape, -now that's old! Like Sailor Moon 1. Tokyo Mew Mew 2. Wedding Peach 3. Shugo Chara,(maybe) 4. Mermaid Melody 5. The Pretty Cure anime. I don't know too much about the Pretty Cure anime but they will include Smile Precure or Heartcatch Precure, Precure is short for Pretty Cure. Like Digimon would be Dragon Drive or Monster Rancher, also Zatch Bell, which is very fun and entertaining to watch. Also, you should go to YouTube, if you search for something like say, Tokyo Mew Mew review, you will get a video reviewing that series, etc. The same holds true for other series, also plenty of videos listing favorite types of anime, like Magic Girl types, or romance, etc. PS how in the hell did this website log me out when I didn't press the log out button-weird! 
