http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159650-Military!
[Comedy] Military!
 The story takes place during a conflict between the Krakozhia Dukedom and the Grania Republic. In the midst of the fighting, a savior appears to the Krakozhia Dukedom, and it is a high school student named Yano Souhei. Two female soldiers, First Lieutenant Ruto and Second Lieutenant Haruka, appear in tanks to intrude on Souhei's everyday life, followed by the enemy soldier Shachirofu, all of whom use firearms without hesitation at his house. PS, they chose the worst possible title for this series. How are you supposed to search for it and find information on it? You can't search for "military anime" or anything like that, 'cause that just brings you to a whole slew of military anime.... lol. Mind you, I guess the same could be said for Free! xD 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Chibi plot with an abundance of female cast with a center-of-harem MC boy. Reminds me of Sabagebu minus the harem. Yoda will enjoy this! 
 Sounds interesting, guess ill put it on my list. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Chibi plot with an abundance of female cast with a center-of-harem MC boy. Reminds me of Sabagebu minus the harem. Yoda will enjoy this! Actually I already informed Lenin the great about it so I won't be alone It seems like it will be a middle school version of girls und panzer. I sense great potential with this show 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 What???? A 3 minute episode???? Darn! I guess its like that himegato show. This is one wacked out show. Still it should be worth it. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Why isn't anybody else watching this???? Its hilarious.... So much wanton destruction. And they wanted to use c4!!!! I love it . They should have released the whole series at once since its so short. If it had a story to it this would be right up there with survival game club. Turns out its not like girls und panzer. At least not so far. Its too zany and over the top for that comparison. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I mean, you can only go so far with chibi girls that have a generic, but cute amount of personality and the whole "military" gimmick. It's a short anime but it's funny! 
 If this were longer this would rank higher than survival game club on my action hi jinks anime list (just made that category up right now D) I love the wanton destruction. And those kota tables are hilarious. More please!!!!!!!! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
