http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157657-Is-the-PS-Vita-worth-getting/page2
 Is the PS.Vita worth getting? - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove As for as I know, Catherine is not on the VITA. I wound up watching the cut scenes all on Youtube for that one.. ^^; Very good story on it. Word of advice for ever gets the VITA, buy the protective film ASAP, you will not regret it. I got a hair scratch on mine and I was so pissed off! &gt;_&lt; The screen is very sensitive unlike the 3DS and iPad. You can easily spend lots on accessories and the memory card is quite pricey as well. I personally never play more than 2 games at a time, so I am regretting getting the 64 GB card. I think the 32 GB would of been just right. 3DS definitely wins when it comes to size expansion. SD Cards are dirty cheap compared. Thanks for the info on the protector. I'll try to remember that. I'll still get the 64 though. I'm gonna get plus games. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Friend saw me playing SAO on my VITA at work during my break. Wow was he ever JEALOUS! That game will probably boost up the VITA sales a bit. 
 <3 my fat hack psp-1000 but 3DS is really the way to go at the moment. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean <3 my fat hack psp-1000 but 3DS is really the way to go at the moment. If you decide to go the route of the 3DS I suggest waiting till they release the new model. 
 
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove Friend saw me playing SAO on my VITA at work during my break. Wow was he ever JEALOUS! That game will probably boost up the VITA sales a bit. Thats why I bought mine! I still haven't played it much but I liked what I did play. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 buy the vita if a system is very beat up usually its cheap as hell to buy qualitive games, you could see that on the dreamcast and you can see that now on the vita. Most vita games are dirt cheap now or offered for free if you have PS+. 
 I got my vita a year ago and I'm pretty happy with it, even more so now that a **** ton of games are being localized for it. Persona 4 was great, I liked Dangan Ronpa, Gravity rush, and even indie stuff like Knytt Underground (play this, seriously) too. There are also a ton of PSP and other older ps games to be had. And PS+ is fantastic I haven't paid for more then a handful of games because of it. I'm currently playing Conception II but that's also available on the 3ds. My only gripe is the damn memory cards, 4gb is a joke, 8gb is hardly passable, 16 in the bare minimum, 32 is ideal but too expensive, and **** the 64, i mean jesus. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Yeah I love that I could just upgrade to a 32gb sd card on my 3ds for 10 bucks. Sucks the vita uses proprietary cards, but that's sony. :< 

 Yeah I dont know why they didnt just have like 16gbs or onboard storage. Flash memory is cheap. There is no excuse for that crap. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Originally Posted by Pinky The Blue Flamingo Yeah I dont know why they didnt just have like 16gbs or onboard storage. Flash memory is cheap. There is no excuse for that crap. Well it is a few years old now. So maybe to hit whatever they thought was a perfect entry price they had to keep the memory storage low? Maybe it was prohibitively expensive at the time. By the way makers just love to sell accessories anyway. Might as well force people to buy more junk. --------------------------------- I played another good chunk of uncharted abyss. I love it! there is one sequence where you are hanging from a rope and you shoot up at people who are shooting at you from the top of the cliff. It's hilarious when they fall off the cliff and fall towards you after they are shot and killed. It's one of those grin moments. Just pure joy. About the only line of dialogue I remember from uncharted 3 was another great moment - that truck chase sequence. At the end of it Drake is on the side of the road and sees one of the bad guys fall off the truck and get run over. Then he says "woah roadkill" - that was a priceless moment I seriously can't wait for Uncharted 4. I know I bought an xbox one instead of a ps4. But uncharted 4 isn't out until next year sometime anyway so I'll have time to get one by then. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Prices for flash memory in the past 2 years havent changed that drastically. Thats a BS excuse, especially with a big brand like sony. Not only that but the slim only has 1gb of onboard memory, that is laughable. There is no excuse they just want to profit off proprietary storage. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Originally Posted by pinky There is no excuse they just want to profit off proprietary storage. I sorta pointed that out too. Plus sony is notorious for using non standard storage medium. Mini disc anyone???? - or the laughably named umd universal media disc for the psp - universal to what? only the psp Too bad the portable gaming giants couldn't have started using plain old micro sd cards the moment they hit the market. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 The log balancing thing in Uncharted ticked me off so bad that I rage uninstalled (game was free anyway). Most frustrating mechanic I've ever had to deal with. Killing a horde of guys and having to fall off that log over and over..oy. NO THANKS! Yes yes, I know I just suck, haha, it just really hit a nerve at the time (during lunch break at a bad work day). >.> I bought most my VITA items during Black Friday sale on Amazon and saved well over $100 combined from memory ($30 off), system (~$70 off), and PS+ ($20 off). Definitely the best time to buy one is during sales. The VITA actually cost me less than my 3DS did, heh! I even found a nice starter pack at K-Mart for $12, which was originally $40 heh. With PS+ I already played most of the biggest VITA titles for the mere $30, which would of easily cost me over $100 to buy them all normally. I use the smaller memory cards it came with (the starter pack and the box card) for anime and things that are not video game related (I use my VITA as an mp3 player a lot) and the big 64 GB for all my games. In other news, the new Rise of Mana game was just announced for VITA in Japan, and now I REALLY want that in English! Always been a big Mana game fan. 
 Last edited by Raven Dove; 09-07-2014 at 10:02 AM. 
 It is worth it depending on what you like i bought it for phantasy star online 2 JP which is JP version its nice that its not region locked. Persona 4 is pretty fun. One piece unlimited isnt bad. if you can figure out how to play them sword art is a good one to get muramasa rebirth is another good one you can try disgaea 3, and soul sacrafice 

 PSO2 is IMHO, the most unbalanced MMO (hello CAST Gunner/Rangers though I head Force is OP later as well. I got region banned before I got that far.) I have EVER played. Still can be entertaining if you don't take it seriously though. My Ranger friend usually instant killed everything with her rapid fire burst damage while I was left in the dust charging up my mana pool, haha. Boring... And if you want to play melee for fun, prepare yourself. It's awfully unfair and you get smacked around a lot, and maybe even get frustrated from it. Melee can be REALLY good if you have a <100 MS reaction time though! All they best moves are based on "flash guarding" and all that. I think what people like most about PSO2 is the dress-up doll aspect though. You can design some pretty hot characters with all the costume choices. I do agree (that if you didn't buy Persona 4 for the PS2), you may definitely want to buy Persona 4 Golden for the PSVITA if you are into sim life/Dark RPG hybrids. 
