http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151265-School-Days-Opinion
 [School Days] Opinion?
 Originally Posted by yoda313 I do have a question about this - how the hell does the guy have his own apartment while in school? It's not a dorm room on some private campus. Is that at all common in Japan for some teenager to have their own apartment???????? I know its the last thing most people would take away and remember about this series. But it's one thing I've wondered after watching it. This is actually something I have came across in other one's too. Kaichou wa Maid-sama for example. Usui had own apartment. On Nazo No Kanojo X we could question if Urabe's apartment. Like yeah she's basically living by herself. Rokujouma no Shinryakusha also handle's this subject where main character is forced to pick certain apartment because he is poor. Also Hiromi Yuasa in True Tears does go to live on her own at the end while still being student. Afterall I wouldn't be surprised if it would be common in japan. Here in Finland while it's not common to highschooler live on their own usually there is few that do so. Maybe 1/100. More so in the end of highschool when people turn 18 many choose to get their own apartment for last highschool year. And obviously almost everyone in universities have their own apartment. In different culture I wouldn't really be surprised if more like 16 years old or older would have their own aparment. About the main topic here though. I do disagree with most of the reviews. I wouldn't say school days was best anime's I have seen, but it was worth watching in my opinion. On my limited knowledge of different anime's it was original in a way. Main thing I would say is that if you have been spoiled about what's gonna happen in it or what kind of anime it is then it will lose a lot of it's value. Beauty of it was that it starts as any rom-com and turns to a bit of harem, but if you don't know anything about it before watching it then the ending will actually work as intended. While it wasn't on top of my list it was still something that left mark on me in a way and I will surely remember that anime for a long time. Not many anime's have as strong effect after finishing it as school days have. I rather will watch school days than anime that is better on core, but the ending sucks. Like there have been anime's that I would have rated as 9 before seeing last episode but after seeing ending I gave them 7. School days was one to do opposite for me where I would have rated it as 5 but after ending I have to give it 7 because it gave so much value to it by not being dull. 
 Last edited by ATL; 01-21-2015 at 01:01 PM. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/lATLl&show=0&order=4
