http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152108-Favorite-Metal-band
 Favorite Metal band?
 Slayer and Morbid Saints also Cannibal Corpse what's yours? 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Dream Theater and Iron Maiden predominantly. I do like some slayer songs but they're far from a fave band. I'm not at all big on Cannibal Corpse. Morbid Saints isn't something I'd normally listen to unless someone puts it on. I'm biased towards Metallica because I've seen them live and they do amazing shows. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Sabbath is all you need. 90% of other stuff just sound like sh1tty tribute bands. At best. Now thats out the way, time to post what I always post in these threads... Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go partake in the combustion and inhaling of devil herb. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Sabbath doesn't satisfy my appetite at all. I try a bit of Godsmack and Bullet For My Valentine. Check these out if you don't know what I am talking about: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r58KPj9FWcI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9FmOc0ofGc for Godsmack and for Bullet, my personal favorites- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hjkD0NoRTc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gin7vJT8Jvo 
 I tend o lump Godsmack in the category as System of a Down because of fanbase and the amount of violence/hostility fans wearing their shirts receive if they go to Metallica/Dream Theater/APC concerts. Philly fans are insane sometimes. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Saliva is really the only metal esque band i like 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I would have to say Killswitch Engage. I am not a big fan of metal, but I love that band. 
 What oh snap said plus this 
 Black Sabbath is not fast enough for me as for Metallica I like them but not heavy enough. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Originally Posted by alexuh55 Black Sabbath is not fast enough for me as for Metallica I like them but not heavy enough. Then why don't you try Bullet For My Valentine and Godsmack. You could try Avenged Sevenfold as well. 
 Top 5 for me would be Sabbath, Priest, Maiden, Helloween, and X Japan 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
 Haha, yeah, nobody does slow and heavy like Sabbath. You can see those riffs as they crush your ribcage. For faster stuff try thrash. Antrax and Motorhead own this genre. And yes, even though some of their members are white power douchebag scum, I do dig some Pentera tracks. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Black Sabbath. Pretty tame by today's standards I guess but gawd damn, Ozzy was a bad mother f*cker back in the day. Never say die and Children of the grave are my favourites, and Paranoid and Iron man become two of the most iconic riffs in metal history. Love it to pieces haha. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Sleep, Bongzilla, Om, Belzebong, Ancestors, ISIS, Neurosis, A Storm Of Light, Cannabis Corpse, High On Fire, Sunn O))), Boris... this could go on. 

 This is tough; I've always liked metal as I do any other type of music. Let's see, for older stuff I like old Metallica, pretty much from Kill 'Em All up to Justice, Megadeth up to from Peace Sells to Youthanasia, I feel Rust in Peace was their strongest album. Iron Maiden has always been an old favorite along with guys like Slayer and Anthrax. Some of the other bands I like are Pantera, Korn, Deftones, Fear Factory, System of a Down, and Slipknot. Then there are other bands that have some metal in their music, but then again they utilize a few other styles in their music; I guess I would call them fusion bands; Faith No More, Mr. Bungle and Primus. 
 
 Coldsteel is pretty much the only good one I know... Oh, band... nope, don't know any good ones. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Kinda hard to narrow down, but I'll probably go with a band called Gravil that i saw live a couple of weeks ago. they aren't very well known though. 
 Thanks Aoide :3 
 Well, I don't really have a favorite. I don't know Black Sabbath... 
 
 Black Label Society. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Tool....not too metallic, not....linkin park 
 Originally Posted by mikoto0208 Tool....not too metallic, not....linkin park But you know, thier older stuff ain't THAT bad, mabey not metal per say, but still good. 
 Last edited by Bo_TheTechSage; 11-06-2013 at 07:11 AM. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Type O Negative, iwrestledabearonce (more hardcore than metal i guess), Anthrax, Exodus, Cliff Burton era Metallica, some Slayer, Stormtroopers of Death, Napalm Death 
 Nightwish and Xandria. I'm from Finland so Nightwish is kinda obvious. 

 Deftones, Dream Theater, Alice In Chains, Nine Inch Nails, Pantera, Primus, Within Temptation, Night Wish. I'm sure there's others but that's all that's coming to me right now. 
 
 Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, Black Sabbath, Pantera, Slipknot, Otep, and Avenged Sevenfold are some of my favorite metal bands. I know I'm forgetting some bands, but I can't think of any more right now. 

