http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142570-Should-Men-Be-Able-To-Opt-Out/page2
[Extended Discussion] Should Men Be Able To Opt Out? - Page 2
 Ehh... I usually don't implement myself into no-win debates here on A4, but in this rare instance, I will. For the most part, I have to agree with Chicanary. For all the bravado added into the discussion, on "men playing it smart" or whatever, I see where she's coming from on this. It really is a big broad view on the issue as a whole, and not just from a "male" or "female" perspective alone. There's A LOT of grey and white issues that come into this. But from a X/Y and X/X point of view, I get it. It's just, there's far more to the puzzle. And not just laws either, but ethics, distinct moralities, etc.. that come into all of this. There's going to be religious implications here as well (oh noes!), as much as I'm anti-religion, it's a perspective that often cannot be ignored, even if you want it to go away. But Chicanary pretty much summed it up; it's debatable from hundreds, if not thousands of scenarios. Be it circumstance, the situation, the time of day, the mood, the people involved; their background, religious basis, etc.. In this situation, as much as many of us may want it to be; there is no "exact" linear path here. It's a convoluted mess. If you look at it in black and white, then you can connect the two pieces of the puzzle. Problem is, there's much more than just those two pieces involved in the greater part of the puzzle. *Shrugs* 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Why shouldn't someone be allowed to drink until they sprout gills (?!?!?!) if they want to so long as no one gets hurt? The men I described above were taken advantage of. That's no more okay than it is when it's the other way around. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Why shouldn't someone be allowed to drink until they sprout gills (?!?!?!) if they want to so long as no one gets hurt? They're pretty much getting raped. It may not hurt physically but financially... after 18 years, it'll be crippling 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I am no longer certain if you're agreeing with me or being sarcastic. 

 -_- Sarcasm. Then disbelief this happens a lot in your area and no one has caught on or gotten wizened up. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary -_- Sarcasm. Then disbelief this happens a lot in your area and no one has caught on or gotten wizened up. Part of it is presenting your case. Look how you react to the very idea of a man being taken advantage of. 

 Originally Posted by Chicanary -_- Sarcasm. Then disbelief this happens a lot in your area and no one has caught on or gotten wizened up. Blaming rape victims is usually frowned upon. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Part of it is presenting your case. Look how you react to the very idea of a man being taken advantage of. I see that. And I disagree with how/why this is allowed to happen. part of the problem is the law is either slow to change or law makers with their law degrees are making decisions pertaining to things they have no expertise in. I'm speaking exclusively in regards to reproductive rights, gender discrimination, and reproductive abuse. No. I stand corrected. In california and florida. laws were in place. The people supposed to uphold the laws failed. Originally Posted by Struggler Blaming rape victims is usually frowned upon. I think they're rape victims. Essentially they are. But they don't recognize themselves of it, neither does the law, and even if the law did there is no current precedent for reproductive abuse where the victim is a man because a man cannot be a victim of this nor is there a criminal consequence associated with the act regardless of the victim's gender. One of my previous posts addressed that the law is not on the man's side in this. It doesn't help they don't report the incident or that more than likely his behavior indicates he has some recall of what happened, when, and thus could've also stopped it. Think about. If a man rapes a woman, whether she ends up pregnant or not, if he's convicted, he goes to jail. If there's a baby involved, she gets no financial support from him. Turn it around. A woman rapes a man. He pays financial support. Woman just raises the child. (Side Note: in case you noticed or were curious why I went from rape to reproductive abuse.... probably in most places because of gender bias, if the woman is pregnant, the man had to be willing. But it is probably always more than likely that even if he wanted sex, his intent was not to get her pregnant. You'd have a stronger argument for reproductive abuse than rape. But reproductive abuse is not a criminal offense. Except in sweden apparently.) 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Not sure about this one. If proper precautions are taken, this should be an extremely rare scenario. Unfortunately in the event that pregnancy does occur and the mother wants to keep it but the father does not, there are really no good options. Someone is getting it up the ass. I've personally had an FWB who knew she was losing me and wanted me to finish inside. I was like nope.gif, and then turned 360 degrees and walked away. Getting trapped in an unwanted pregnancy is kind of a guarantee that you ****ed up somehow so I can see why the law isn't too sympathetic with men who do. 
 The way I see it, it's not okay, or safe for a woman to get so shitfaced that she doesn't know where she is or what she is doing. I have often literally half carried friends home who could barely walk. You know what would happen if they didn't have someone looking after them. Okay most of my friends are now over 25 and they've grown up a bit. If it's not okay for a woman to do this for fear of what will happen to her, then the same goes for men. You HAVE to take care of yourself. No, no one deserves **** to happen to them, but there's no use in saying that when it's happened. No one can undo it. No one can change the fact that there are bad people out there. You only get one life, it's up to you to take care of it and not put yourself in bad situations where there's a higher risk of something happening. Don't get me wrong, I do go out, get drunk and all of that with my friends. But I know where the line is. I've been at cast parties that went on into the next day and nothing happened to me because I don't need to drink to vomiting point. I think the excuse that one should be able to get that drunk is a lame one because when you do, you can't defend yourself or think your way out of the situation. Also, I don't think drunk people are capable of using protection properly anyway, so both are equally to blame if the woman gets pregnant or someone gets an sti. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Ah, child support. Nothing beats when you pay 18 years only to find out the kid ain't yours. Your not getting a dollar of that money back. 

 Okay guys, please stop with the alcohol-related scenarios. Your own definitions of where personal responsibility should lie are certainly opinions your welcome to but are ultimately irrelevant when there's laws that cover consent. Remember that alcohol is in fact a drug. If someone is as drunk as many of you are talking about, then chances are they were legally incapable of giving consent and thereby have in fact been sexually assaulted if they had sex in that state. Granted, I do know in some states the male partner can still be held responsible for the child even if they're the victim of statutory rape, but that's essentially it's own topic and has more to do with laws regarding consent and rape than parental rights. Whether the fetus in question was a product of rape or consent, the topic of this thread was if the male partner who was involved should have rights regarding whether or not it comes to term, and if they should be legally responsible if they do not want to be a father. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean It's probably not nearly as many women as you think and on the off chance there are, that makes your hometown an extreme out-lier. D: Men don't get to opt out the same way women get to opt out since they don't get the thrill of nine months of pregnancy. No, we just get 18 years of child support. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 So, I've been talking to my family about this to ask them what they think about it. Got an interesting case to share on this topic. A family member was in a serious relationship and was using protection with his partner the entire time. One day she told him that she was pregnant and convinced him to cease using protection. But when she finally began to show, and especially when the baby was delivered, the months did not add up. Long story short, she lied about being pregnant when she told him and didn't become pregnant until they ceased using protection. She wanted a baby and he didn't so she lied to get herself pregnant and obviously decided to keep the child. It seems to me that it's perfectly possible for this system to be abused, and the fact that a new human life is involved just makes everything an enormous cluster ****. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Okay guys, please stop with the alcohol-related scenarios. Your own definitions of where personal responsibility should lie are certainly opinions your welcome to but are ultimately irrelevant when there's laws that cover consent. Remember that alcohol is in fact a drug. Different things entirely yes. But there are laws that criminalize one (rape) and none for the other (reproductive abuse) which is often treated like a subset of sexual assault. There's far more grey here than in a herd of wild African elephants. If a woman consents to sex, she isn't necessarily consenting to procreation. If she behaves in any manner that suggests she is not interested in having kids either by using protection, deciding to "not go all the way" (whatever that means), or by explicitly saying it... and her partner undermines her choice by tampering with birth control/contraceptives or uses drugs (of any variety) to alter her behavior OR prevent her from removing herself from a situation where she is at increased risk for pregnancy.... then it's not rape. And it's not a criminal act. And what will people say? "Oh you shouldn't have had sex." "no protection is full proof." "abstinence." "abortion." And those are all things any woman needs to consider any time they have sex whether it's for recreation or reproduction. It's one thing to consent to safe sex but under most circumstances where a woman is forced to have sex with the intent to conceive there are no laws to criminalize this and it's harder to prove especially if you consent to sex. On the other hand, If a woman lies, deceives, tampers with protection, or uses drugs to prevent a man from avoiding a situation that increases the likelihood of him being a dad, he's stuck. Because he can't have an abortion. Yeah it's wrong that it happened. But if people say it is wrong and laws make allowances for it, we are one step towards women being forced to have babies even if they don't want to or living in a world where abortion becomes conditional depending on the nature of a couple's marital status. in KT's area are consenting sex, and they probably are, they are at the very least victims of reproductive abuse because they are under the influence. Even if the act is criminalized, the law will never recognize a man as a potential victim of this crime because of the biology behind a male ejaculation. Once his sperm leaves his penis, it is considered "discarded" and anything that happens to it is not up to him. If he wanted some say, he shouldn't have tossed it into any receptacle. In this case that of an unsavory woman. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I think men and woman should have the same right about deciding if womans should opt put or not , well they share the same responsibilty so i dont think its right when just one person decide it by self. But of course , if a woman was raped by a psycho then she has no other choice. 
 
 Originally Posted by gubica66 I think men and woman should have the same right about deciding if womans should opt put or not , well they share the same responsibilty so i dont think its right when just one person decide it by self. But of course , if a woman was raped by a psycho then she has no other choice. Ofcourse. The difference is, women can abort. Men can too, but that required abuse. If either of them aren't good enough or ready to be parents, and if they have to think about it; they definately shouldn't have children. It ruins their own lives, and mostly, the child's life. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 In certain circumstances yes. If a girl gets pregnant and the circumstances are difficult I.E neither parent can afford or have much financial standing to raise the child in a loving environment with everything that child will need BUT the woman refuses to have an abortion because its against her morals then yes if the male wishes it should be able to do so. Not like these days the majority who get pregnant should have the option of aborting or not. Some women are like 13 -15 years old getting pregnant. It's not right. At the end of the day two mutual consenting adults should know that if they cant bear the responsibilities they should wrap it up regardless of their own preferences. If you dont do that then your both idiots and you should both buck up for what you have done. Myself couldnt walk away. Unless it was some nutty women you slept with in a one night hap stance when you were both drunk and shes screaming I LOVE YOU I BEAR YOUR CHILD BLSSAHSAFVEBEELZEBUB! you better believe that smoke cloud were i was standing. 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Originally Posted by gubica66 I think men and woman should have the same right about deciding if womans should opt put or not , well they share the same responsibilty so i dont think its right when just one person decide it by self. But of course, if a woman was raped by a psycho then she has no other choice. The law is a woman has the final say, no matter the circumstance. I think you confused men opting out with abortion rights.... That aside, I think that the potential dad should have some say or at least be able to voice his opinion/concerns in regards to whether or not they keep the baby, abort the baby, put the baby up for adoption... Originally Posted by KT Samurai family member was in a serious relationship and using protection with his partner the entire time. One day she told him she was pregnant and convinced him to cease using protection. But when she finally began to show, and when the baby was delivered, the months did not add up. she lied about being pregnant when she told him and didn't become pregnant until they ceased using protection. She wanted a baby and he didn't so she lied to get herself pregnant and obviously decided to keep the child. There's something off about that. I'm not a man but if I was, and my partner said she was pregnant.... I'd want to know all kinds of details including but not limited to how she found out. (doctor, missed period, at home pregnancy test, intuition... what) and I'd wanna know when the next appointment is so I can come... And did they decide to not have kids but she changed her mind... I'm trying to figure out the circumstances for why she'd want to do this and see if there was any financial motivation. KT. Your partner just said she's pregnant, seriously don't you ask about doctor's appointments, how far she is, and see if she needs anything health wise? 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Cannot wait for the male version of the contraceptive pill to hit the market and effectively level the playing field. 
Currently listening to: SULK - End Time I wanna fade out. 
 Originally Posted by Vessicator Cannot wait for the male version of the contraceptive pill to hit the market and effectively level the playing field. Same. The male version doesn't have as many of the harmful side effects and "normal" side effects as the female equivalent. On that note, they've been looking into .... i think ultrasound waves and some kinda cream. One study (i think it's the cream) looks "promising" and sounds too good to be true BUT there are not enough volunteers for the clinical trials phase. Also. Vessi!!! what's up 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Not enough volunteers? Sign my wrinkly gonads up. I've known far too many people who have been in aforementioned situations where they get tied down to the financial burdens of raising a child. And even women who are sympathetic will not find a contraceptive they can stand by unless it's an IUD (so damn cumbersome) and those aren't without their complications. Contraceptive pills, patch, shots, and such can be harmful as **** to the body and mind. So I will gladly lay my body down to ensure this does not happen to others. Cream me. Been hardly working, but I keep up with your insightful posts. 
Currently listening to: SULK - End Time I wanna fade out. 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary The law is a woman has the final say, no matter the circumstance. I think you confused men opting out with abortion rights.... That aside, I think that the potential dad should have some say or at least be able to voice his opinion/concerns in regards to whether or not they keep the baby, abort the baby, put the baby up for adoption... There's something off about that. I'm not a man but if I was, and my partner said she was pregnant.... I'd want to know all kinds of details including but not limited to how she found out. (doctor, missed period, at home pregnancy test, intuition... what) and I'd wanna know when the next appointment is so I can come... And did they decide to not have kids but she changed her mind... I'm trying to figure out the circumstances for why she'd want to do this and see if there was any financial motivation. KT. Your partner just said she's pregnant, seriously don't you ask about doctor's appointments, how far she is, and see if she needs anything health wise? Actually here is opt out forbiden no matter the circumstances , the only situation is allowed if the girl was raped. We have different laws as you have , so it may sound hard for you to understand it. 
 
 Originally Posted by Vessicator And even women who are sympathetic will not find a contraceptive they can stand by unless it's an IUD (so damn cumbersome) and those aren't without their complications. Contraceptive pills, patch, shots, and such can be harmful as **** to the body and mind. I have extremely negative views regarding female contraceptives that will probably never change. Health care and Big Pharm being what it is in the US, I feel like these items are marketed in a manner that undermines the seriousness of the usage, minimizes the risk associated with the usage, put profit above safety, and sends the wrong message to the public at large (not just the target audience). Originally Posted by gubica66 Actually here is opt out forbiden no matter the circumstances , the only situation is allowed if the girl was raped. We have different laws as you have , so it may sound hard for you to understand it. My apologies. I did not take your location into consideration when I read your post. But that being the case... if no one can opt out... I wonder if that atmosphere leads the way for reproductive abuse to happen less often? 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary I have extremely negative views regarding female contraceptives that will probably never change. Health care and Big Pharm being what it is in the US, I feel like these items are marketed in a manner that undermines the seriousness of the usage, minimizes the risk associated with the usage, put profit above safety, and sends the wrong message to the public at large (not just the target audience). My apologies. I did not take your location into consideration when I read your post. But that being the case... if no one can opt out... I wonder if that atmosphere leads the way for reproductive abuse to happen less often? No problem it can happen to us all. Uhm no , its not used for abuse but it was give to us by the government which is close to catholic religion. Our religion doesnt accept opt out so its forbidden , its really complicated. 
 
