http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150571-Your-First-Impression-of-A4/page2
[General Discussion] Your First Impression of A4? - Page 2
 my first impression of this place would have to be in this clip lol  Spoiler 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 11-19-2013 at 03:57 PM. 
Do you know what’s the difference between a king and his horse?… INSTINCT!!! Hollow Ichigo (Bleach) 
 Originally Posted by President Pinkie Pie I was NEVER your friend. Excuse me? I was not referring to you. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Excuse me? I was not referring to you. It's a half-ass joke. You said your friend was saying all those negative comments, and I was trying to make it seem like it was me. It's just a joke (a dumb one as usual from me). Run along now. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 My first impression about forum is will be very dificult comunication and think is true, my english is bad i need practice 
 My first impression was wow, I would like to be a mod at this site. And then I was. And now I'm not. There were weird people on this site. Then I joined weird, strange awesome. We're still weird. 

 Originally Posted by Red_Dragon My first impression was wow, I would like to be a mod at this site. And then I was. And now I'm not. There were weird people on this site. Then I joined weird, strange awesome. We're still weird. Rotating mod a.k.a. our minions, just like all the other suckers on the forums who got to be a rotating mod for a bit. ]=) 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 After getting kicked out of the last forum because I was "too young" I didn't go near any forums. After a while I joined this one so far I love it here 
 well when I joined what? a year and a half ago now (has it really been that long) it was a little different here than it is now. Not a whole lot different, but still different. I believe my first impression of this place was something along the lines of "Which button takes me to my profile screen" To be honest I don't really remember much about my time here before meeting two particular people. (Kenta! and Lalandica) Our usual haunt was the introduction threads, we got so many of those locked with our nonsensical antics. So many in fact that I ended up making a group to contain it. (refer to "WSA") I've also been a regular member of the Rp realm since my beginning here. In fact I believe my first post was on an Rp thread. 
 Migrated over here after AZ:UK went under. Thought it was a good active forum with lots of lively discussion, shame it seems to have slowed down over the years. Quality too. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai You're a terrible A4 user 
 No joke what sold me was the Anime-Forums bullets of the anime characters lol. I'm so unprofessional, I guess you could say i judged it off the appearance of the home page. But then I made my introduction and the people where nice,interactive and had a pleasant nature, But later i stopped posting for awhile i think the reason beings was there aren't enough discussion forums if you ask me. 

 Joined about a year and a half ago, soon to be going on two years. I kinda stumbled upon A4 just out of the sheer curiosity of finding an anime forum because I wanted to talk with people that shared similar interest/thoughts. I just generically Googled anime forum one day and found it, and from there on out I liked this place a lot and decided it would be my main forum to go to. My first impressions were good, I don't really speak to a specific group of people on here because everybody here seems really chill and fun to talk to, and the environment of A4 is just comfortable in general. 
 I joined here at first only for the sake to have a signature made for me. Now I'm the one taking requests here.As my first impression on this site....not much really, since my original purpose of joining this forum is for the above reason. But later, I'd grown quite fond of this forums and the members are nice, funny and.....weird, in a good way of course, so I decided to stick with you guys.So far, I'm enjoying my time here. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 A first time experience in a forum. It's a matter of how long the infatuation lasts or have I really fallen into the trap of starting to like A4, an intangible construct that has come to life due to the hard work of it's members??? Well, it'll take a year or so for me to really figure it out. But for the time being I am enjoying myself. 
 Its better than the last forum I went to, but I wish there wasn't a language filter on here. I hate having to censor myself. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I like the SFW environment here so far. The staff and community (especially Mister) seems friendly enough. I'm mostly finding myself short on things to say at the moment. 
 Joined at the end of last year, when I was 19. A4 is my first forum. This December will make it a year since I joined the forums. I originally wanted to understand the anime community a little better and find new anime to watch, as I was just recently getting into anime in 2012. I naturally don't watch a lot of anime anyways, but I definitely stumbled upon some good shows because of this site. Didn't have anything really anime related near me, so I needed to find a source where I could explore my intrigue, so I just googled "Anime Forums" and signed up. I recall being pretty surprised at the atmosphere of A4, as I was expecting it to be full of Japanophiles and geeks (Not in a good way). However, I found that there was genuinely interesting people here. Some members that left an impression on me, whether good or bad, were Struggler, Vess, Pured, Zer0, Elfa, Guybrush, Ian, Snap, Zeph etc. EDIT: Forgot Hank...God, I miss him. Most of those guys ignored me when I first came here, but over time I've gotten to converse and debate with many of them and felt a bit more settled within the community. I also recall Shannon being the first mod to threaten me with an infraction, and the first time one of my posts were deleted was done by Guybrush. I was doing something wrong, on both occasions but I will never forget that! xD Like I said before a few times though, I do enjoy A4 at times, sometimes I don't..but if I really didn't like it, I would've been gone a long time ago. 
 Last edited by The_Archangel; 10-24-2013 at 11:12 AM. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Oh dear.. I think I was 15 almost 16 when I joined here, fresh into high school and leaving from being hardcore bullied in middle school. I had a friend I'd just met that had joined this forum and recommended it to me one morning in high school at the library. A lot of sites were blocked, so thankfully A4 wasn't for the time-being (I don't recall it ever being blocked). Had a few highs and lows with people on the site, but learned nevertheless. Wasn't the best experience since I felt really bullied [for lack of better terms] online, but despite how bad it felt for me I also realize today I fed into it too which in turn made things worse for me - and I shouldn't of. I was a huge F&G fanatic back then, but also in the rp realm a lot. I remember Medaton, and our first encounter was probably like rivals at first, we didn't like each other but eventually we learned to rp together and had fun soon after. Unfortunately, names come to mind, but they're on the tip of my tongue and I am really bad in remembering UN or their new UN. But back then me and Shannon weren't cool with each other, I remember that xD Oh, and Clintonio(sp?). Yeah, he did not like me at all. Pretty funny when I think back on it all, to be honest. I'm not sure what else to reflect on, but yeeep. My forum experience moved on elsewhere to another as a mod, and I grew even more in seeing both perspectives of things. D: And here I am, 21 almost 22 in January. Time goes too fast.. 
xxavacredxx
 I first joined A4 in 2009, but I kinda forgot about the site and later returned in 2011. (ahaha~) First impression: The members here are so nice and welcoming! Before I joined A4, I was very active in another forum (it was a .hack forum). I pretty much learned the basic forum etiquettes from that site, because the mods there were WAY stricter than the ones we have here. The users were pretty much huddled in little cliques and they weren't very welcoming towards new members. We had to work hard to earn their respect and acknowledgement, (I dunno why I tried so hard, maybe because I was still a kid and was desperate to be accepted in their circle) even though they joined the site later than me. Meh. Anyway, The first users I remember talking to during my first days here were Van Pistol and Peacock. They are apparently not active anymore, so it's kinda sad haha. But I've met new users here since 2011 and they're all pretty cool. Those users are Takera, Salena, LovelyXEri, Cassie, bunnydemon, StrawHats, BloodFist Alex, BloodReaper, and the latest one is Mister. Sadly some of them are inactive now (just like my first friends... why oh whyyy...!!) 

 It was pretty long ago, still in middle school, 12 going on to be 13? I really don't remember how I stumbled on this site but I did and well it was different back then. This was my first forum and the only one i've really ever been on. I was really close and attached to the F&G section, I met so many friends that I would message and talk to and well it was just fun. Shishi, Elysium, Ray15, Kyuu, Frozenun, Trinitus, Kero, Miko, DarkandShadow, Shannon, Cixel, Robnie. There's a lot of people, amazing people I met through here. It was amazing knowing all these people across the country, world and just have them chat here or even phone calls or skype sessions. It was really mindless pointless chatter most of the time but it was fun and enjoyable and this place would be a safe haven for me, I got to know so many people and it was amazing. Now i'm in college and keep in frequent contact with the first two friends I met here, Robnie and ShiShi and i've already had the fortunate chance of meeting Robnie just this past week who was formerly known as Vivi and it was amazing since we knew each other through here and it just took 6 years for us to meet, hah. I really didn't venture out of the F&G and eventually became busy but I still lurk around here every now and then because A4 holds like a special place in my heart as cheesy as that sounds haha. I even still have that old standard blue template/theme which seems to not have functioning banners, that's how old it is heh. Time does go by fast. 
 Last edited by OverTheMemories; 10-24-2013 at 12:41 PM. 
 Meh.. I'll just keep it short as possible. Anyways for a number of reasons I have, and won't get into, I really knew that A4 would be the perfect forum for my "Retirement" of forums, from being staff and modding on forums, to getting banned on other forums... And now here Simply cause I've enjoyed forums on the net for so long and wanna still be around now and again on one forum at least, meeting ppl more like me and talking about the things I like while not really having to be: " The Worst Most Infamous B**ch anyone ever met or The Kindest mod/S-mod someone could deal with. " and I'm just done with it cause I don't want to be either. So My first impression of A4 Is Simple, Cause It's where I can just kick up my own feet and Finally Just Be Myself Now, and Meet ppl like me, who say " That' s Me, A Normal Person, Being Myself, take it or leave it, and if your a complete A** or a complete Idiot..your *Fed to the Rancor*, yet if you make a joke and play around a bit, like everyone with fun and common sense in mind, it's No Big. " <------------ ALL What I read prior to joining A4. 
 Can't believe I created this account this many years ago. Time indeed, does go by... Originally came here after temporarily leaving another forum and settled into F&G and the graphics section. Made some good friends, solid debates, and watched a meltdown of a well known member (at the time). First impression? New home to settle into nicely. Wildstar was an admin, fantastic guy, spoke with him a lot. Helped Calbob create his website (and got a sweet Gungrave hat out of the deal) and collaborated with AtomicoX on many projects. Clintonio was a great guy to talk to as well; especially when discussing his rotating signature website. Vampire Lowell was a bit of a troll admin. Liked him a lot. sl33py, hellz, Shannon and myself all changed our usernames to "eat"[something] for the hell of it. I was "eatburgers" for 3 weeks. I have no idea what started that trend or ended it though. There were a lot of good times, and several bad times that I still greatly regret to this day. A lot of things that changed and created a rift, and essentially separated many people away from each other. I eventually left after some altercations. I lurked here and there, attempted to make some contact with those from the past, but was largely unsuccessful. I'm back once more to see the new generation of A4 members. 
 Originally Posted by Stranger That story was epic... so that's why you are "A4's Sour Apple" Missed this one. Haha, it was because of a wall conversation between a kid that I had just told to stop flaming his pals in a thread, which later ended up locked. I went to his wall to chat to him about further altercations, and saw them talking about me. When asked by the other kid which mod it was that PM'd him about his behaviour, he said "Oh, that sour apple." I thought it was hilarious. It's been my user title ever since. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by darkandshadow Vampire Lowell was a bit of a troll admin. Liked him a lot. And for that, you get a hug! *hug* 
 
 I remember, although I have no idea how. Discovering what an Internet Forum was. I wanted to see if there was a forum for anime and when this came up I thought it was the coolest and greatest thing ever because I can now Talk to people all about anime and Most importantly. The only anime in existence. Dragonball Z and Sailor moon lol. Those were good times. You couldn't go five seconds without a new post somewhere or an entire day without at least 3-5 new threads being made. It was bustling and the most popular anime based forum in the internet. WE INVENTED the anime forum. All other forums that evolved into what they are got all their ideas from us here! When someone comes up with an idea that is too much work for the people that were on here they did the work on their site. All our ideas. The other forums are just posers wanting to be more like US! 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I just actually realized I have been on this site for about 3 yrs. lol. Honestly, I joined this site from the power of.........Google. I liked anime, and the only person that shared my interest was my brother. I wanted to be able to talk to others about anime, and find recommendations. Google, insert anime, and Lo and Behold guess what pops up? When I joined this site it was pretty nice and friendly. I have to say out of all the members in here, the closest ones in my opinion are Takera, and Guybrush. When I first joined Takera was the first person to post on my wall, and offer to create a sig for me. Guybrush was the nicest person, and the friendliest. I kinda miss him being up here. I was a lot more active with posting back then cuz I wanted to break 1,000 like I was going to get some achievement or something. lol. Pinky is the only one I believe to ever close a thread of mine. I challenged Shian to a Scorpian vs Scorpian MK9 match and he never got back to me. He got scurred. Struggler and Black Templar insulted each other on a daily basis. I remember Dust2Dust had really bad english problems when he joined up so that made rping with him kinda difficult at first. Black Element, Kyo/Crisis, akalonleyfreak (i miss him and kyo too V_V) and Shannon Apple are the main people that helped me first try out rping. I remember SweetSakura was a smoker like I was and we both complained about how hard it was to quit. Out of my 3 years here, these are the most memorable people and times. I haven't caused a lot of trouble, and hopefully, I haven't rubbed anybody the wrong way. I try to be humorous and lighten the mood on certain things, but I have had some heated discussions with some members depending on the topic of a thread. I have to say this site has provided me with the answers I was seeking and a lot more. My first time Rping was on this site, and I discovered League of Legends. The site hasn't really done that much different in the last couple of years, but I don't look at it as a bad thing. We still have people posting, we have the chatbox, we have active groups, and we have bloggers. Im making friends with a lot of the new people thanks to the power of the chatbox. If nothing else Ill be remembered for my constant spamming of the box. This site is far from dying, and I hope it stays that way. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
