http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159514-Do-you-practice-any-sports
 Do you practice any sports?
 Hey guys ! Sports is a good way of achieving healthiness on almost every aspect of your life. In the physical sphere, by exercising you are burning calories, increasing your bone and muscle mass. A stronger heart pumps blood more effectively and stronger lungs extract more oxygen from the air you breathe. The feeling of well-being is a natural drug your brain secretes after exercising. Serotonin, melatonin and dopamin are very effective against depression, insomnia and low self-esteem. Being part of a sports team is a great way of socializing. tl;dr - Sports are absolutely awesome. So...Do you guys practice any sports? If yes, on what level do you practice it? Amateur, competitively? At what frequency? If not, do you wish you were practicing any? Or is there any sports that you like despite not practicing? On my end, I've tried many many different sports during my childhood. Swimming, fencing, tennis, table tennis, basket ball, archery are only a few examples. Two distinct sports have molded me into the man I am today. Baseball Yes, this is an actual sports ! I have played baseball for 8 years before quitting because of an injury. I used to be opening pitcher and short-stop (and 2nd at-bat). What is so magic about baseball is the teamwork. A team cannot win if it does not act as one. Every single members are important. What if the ball goes past the 3rd base? The fielder must be there to block the ball. A runner on third base with one out? Sacrifice fly to the right field to ensure the run. Badminton The most popular sport world-wide with soccer (football). I started playing badminton 8 years ago and I've never got bored of it. Even though I love team spirit, the one-on-one duels badminton brings is appealing me (I am a single player, I don't really like doubles and mixed). To perform, you need a good stamina, to be agile and to master a good technique...But you also need wit. If you can outwit your opponent, the game is surely won. And you, what sports do you practice? 
Pleased to meet you. My little & very humble anime list: ScarletBeanie. 
