http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117352-What-are-you-currently-watching/page121
[Anime] What are you currently watching? - Page 121
 I'm currently watching Cowboy Bebop. I was meaning to catch up with this show a long time back. Have to say its one of a kind. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 I'm watching The Twelve Kingdoms on episode 11 currently. Look forward to watching more I have enjoyed it so far, and it is the perfect length for me (~2 season show). Leaves time for lots of development and hopefully a good ending. 
 Am finally back to watching anime a lot now.....Well I am currently watch the new series.. Black Bullet...its ok I guess. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Texhnolyze. It looks pretty interesting and I'm compelled to get through the series, but I'm also hoping for the series to get better as it progresses. It's had a mediocre start so far, in my opinion. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I am about 1/2 way through Kemono no Souja Erin. It came strongly recommended but this show probably isn't for everybody. It tells a story of a young girl who wants to care for the fantastical beasts of her world. However, it is rather slow moving and is more about incremental development than grand schemes and battles. To me it feels like a pre-teen adventure story complete with occasional narration to explain what is going on. The story is well written but it doesn't draw me in like some stories do. Perhaps this will change in the second 1/2. 

 Originally Posted by Finfan I am about 1/2 way through Kemono no Souja Erin. It came strongly recommended but this show probably isn't for everybody. It tells a story of a young girl who wants to care for the fantastical beasts of her world. However, it is rather slow moving and is more about incremental development than grand schemes and battles. To me it feels like a pre-teen adventure story complete with occasional narration to explain what is going on. The story is well written but it doesn't draw me in like some stories do. Perhaps this will change in the second 1/2. Well it is a Drama/Slice of Life, It's not a fast paced anime. Yea It's a very classical style fantasy story I would've hoped you would've enjoyed it more so far(ep 7 should've pulled you in, and when Erin was in the Canyon as well), you are coming upto some profound scenes though, so hopefully that will fill your need. PS. Probally not the best anime to watch right after watching Kingdom though, they are so different in pretty much every way, It's got to be exceedingly hard to adjust to. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 06-21-2014 at 11:35 AM. 
 Currently watching an anime that I've been meaning to watch for awhile but haven't up until now. XxxHolic. I'm not sure how best to describe it, but the animation style is a little different than what I'm used to. It's kind of like a slice of life mixed with elements of the supernatural. It's really good so far and I like the main character. It's very episodic but I kinda want to figure out where it's headed. Very good anime indeed 
 A bunch just wrapped up so black bullet is all that I'm current with. I'm just getting into if her flag breaks. I finished the second episode. It is one wacked out show! Its funny and weird and cute at the same time. I'll finally plow through this one. I also want to get back into no game no life. I've only done the first show but now that my current list is a lot shorter I can add more shows to my active list. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Currently watching One piece. Only recently i realized that i've watched loads of anime, but not One piece that's kind of one of the most known.. so i started from the very beginning and you know it has like 600 episodes O.O Right now i'm at sabaody so still have to go! (Before deciding on one piece i was thinking wether to watch ken shiro or not) 
 I am currently on episode 6 of Yami no Matsuei. It is about this agency that judges spirits. I think it is rather cute, every now and then. The shonen-ai is tolerable, and it is not so overly sexualized so it is a great watch! 
 Oban Star Racers, It's pretty good actually. 
 I could never get into race oriented anime. I tried watching one about a year ago, and it just didn't click with me. 
 When I finally got it figured out, I've changed the whole damn plan. "Memorize this! Memorize Jeremiah Gottwald! Commit it to memory, because that's the memorable name of the man who has defeated you."
 Originally Posted by Bri I could never get into race oriented anime. I tried watching one about a year ago, and it just didn't click with me. Well It's not a normal racing anime. Have you ever watched Star Wars, It's like the Pod Races in Star Wars. It also has a pretty decent story as well. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Well It's not a normal racing anime. Have you ever watched Star Wars, It's like the Pod Races in Star Wars. It also has a pretty decent story as well. holy crap! I've got that on DVD! (Oban star racers that is) I haven't even opened em yet. got em on sale. is the animation anything like the Nintendo fzero video games? that was what I was imagining. I just bought em because they were dirt cheap. I have no idea what the shows like. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 holy crap! I've got that on DVD! (Oban star racers that is) I haven't even opened em yet. got em on sale. is the animation anything like the Nintendo fzero video games? that was what I was imagining. I just bought em because they were dirt cheap. I have no idea what the shows like. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk It's similar to FZERO, although not quite that fast lol. However the way they move/maneuver is almost identicle to the FZERO games. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor It's similar to FZERO, although not quite that fast lol. However the way they move/maneuver is almost identicle to the FZERO games. OK I guess I wasn't too far off then, thanks. are you old enough yo have ever played the first fzero on the real physical SNES? (is not Roms) Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 OK I guess I wasn't too far off then, thanks. are you old enough yo have ever played the first fzero on the real physical SNES? (is not Roms) Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk More then old enough(I grew up playing the 2600, and NES), the original FZERO game is my favorite racer. Although it sucks there's no delete progress option. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor More then old enough(I grew up playing the 2600, and NES), the original FZERO game is my favorite racer. Although it sucks there's no delete progress option. ah OK. 2600 was before my time really (well too young to have my own money for it that is). started with the nes of course. I remember buying mega man 3 and super Mario 3 new in the box. don't forget Nintendo power the magazine! Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 ah OK. 2600 was before my time really (well too young to have my own money for it that is). started with the nes of course. I remember buying mega man 3 and super Mario 3 new in the box. don't forget Nintendo power the magazine! Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk I was too young to buy my own 2600, and NES back then as well. MM 2 is where It's at, and yea no one can live without SMB 3. However believe it or not, the first NES game we bought/played was DW 1, infact we initially got the NES just for that one game. 
 Dragon warrior 1 I guess???? I played the third one because it was one of those strategy guide deals the power magazine had. You should try 3d dot game heroes on the ps3. Its a love letter to the SNES Zelda basically. Great game, very nostalgic. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Dragon warrior 1 I guess???? I played the third one because it was one of those strategy guide deals the power magazine had. You should try 3d dot game heroes on the ps3. Its a love letter to the SNES Zelda basically. Great game, very nostalgic. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk Yea I played them all, but at the time, that one was just coming out. Yea I remember that. I don't have a PS3, and I'm not fond of its library or Sony's scams, so I doubt I'll end up getting one, so sadly I can't play that or the new Wizardry game. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor I was too young to buy my own 2600, and NES back then as well. MM 2 is where It's at, and yea no one can live without SMB 3. However believe it or not, the first NES game we bought/played was DW 1, infact we initially got the NES just for that one game. DW was awesome, and SMB3 was epic. 
 Created by norwegianmoose
 Back on topic - started voltron again last night. Ahhh the memories. (Aka go lions) Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I just recently finished Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai and Ore no Kanojo to Osananajimi ga Shuraba Sugiru. I'm now watching Lovely Complex, Suzuka, and Bokura ga Ita. 
 http://varsityanimu.tumblr.com/ 
 I'm currently watching Guilty Crown. 
