http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155773-Ideas-for-a-new-sub-forum
 Ideas for a new sub-forum.
 As much as this forum is diversified and does not limit its discussions to anime alone I was thinking whether it would be practical to devote web space to a sub-forum termed 'Literature and Drama' under the banner of Writer's Block where forum members could discuss and rant about classic prose and poetry and contemporary and ancient drama. Although I realize that the Books and Magazines section suffice a portion of this need but still a sub-forum such as I mentioned could open up new avenues of discussions under a proper heading. The need or relevancy of this sub-forum could be decided by a poll and then judged by the mods and admins. Hope this is worth considering. Now time to sit back and think.  Spoiler 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Yeah if there's enough interest then sure, why not. If it isn't active, it can always be removed later. 

 Actually, I believe it should be reversed. Literature and Drama is a broad field, so it would be more appropriate to put Writers Block under Literature and Drama. Actually, for that matter, Books and Magazines would fall under this sub forum as well. RP would qualify as well, but considering its nature, it may be fine on its own. I highly doubt it would get much attention, unfortunately; however, it does make for a nice cleanup of the subforms. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 @Kuze Having a sub-forum for "Literature and Drama" makes very little sense to me, because in general context, everything under Writer's Block is Literature. Unless we have a lot of members who are into Performance Arts, I don't think a sub forum for Dramas alone would be worth the effort. @Felares You're grouping things based on the context that they involve literature. In that same mentality, you would have to group up all the manga sections into that same category. Each of those forums you named have their own purpose under a certain context. It would make virtually no sense to group these things together. It would be an absolute mess to have an RP Thread, along with a Writer's Block thread and a Book thread in the same forum. It would be hard to traverse. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
