http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159747-ABC-News-does-piece-on-video-games-lulz-are-had
 ABC News does piece on video games, lulz are had
 Jesus **** there are actually people who thought the Law and Order: SVU episode was anything even close to the events that have occurred? First of all Anita is not a game developer. She's not even a gamer. She's a sex-negative feminist social critic and a terrible one at that considering she makes mistakes frequently and never corrects them, turns herself into a trope (the damsel in distress) for attention, and takes an entirely non-academic approach to her research despite claiming that her series is supposed to be academic in nature. Zoe is a talentless hack who is also not a game developer considering her only contribution to games is a click and navigate story about a depressed person. 13 year olds have created better game materials, but she gets praise and hipster welfare from Patreon because she's a woman. Talk about patronizing women in the industry much? Punjabi was portrayed as a woman who is intelligent, talented, and motivated to make video games. She did not want to be scared away from the industry. She refused to cancel an event because of a credible threat, while Anita eagerly cancelled one (the speech at the University of Utah) because of a threat that was anything but credible considering it was made from a different continent. Oh, and there's also that little detail about Punjabi being kidnapped, raped, and eventually quitting the games industry because of it. Did that happen to anybody in gaming? No, sorry, try again. If you want to talk about female game designers, you could look at Roberta Williams, Amy Hennig, Aya Kyogoku, Manami Matsumae, Jade Raymond, Alyssa Finley, Rieko Kodama, Brenda Louise Romero, or plenty of other talented women who have contributed to gaming. Anita and Zoe are professional victims whose entire livelihoods depend on them appearing to be victims. It's ****ing insulting to use them as examples of women in gaming because there are women in gaming and they're not standing around crying about how there are no women in gaming. The Law and Order: SVU episode was stupid, fearmongering piece of garbage and only a fool would have anything positive to say about it. Please get help Milkchan because if you really saw a dramaticized version of reality in that episode you're probably at a pretty serious risk for joining a cult. 
