http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151955-What-next-for-Three-Days-Grace
 What next for Three Days Grace
 Now that Adam Gontier has left the band will Three Days grace live up to it's reputation or drown in mediocrity. Plus I would love to hear your thoughts on their new singles "Chalk Outline" and " The High Road". 
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil Now that Adam Gontier has left the band will Three Days grace live up to it's reputation or drown in mediocrity. They are a mediocre band with and without Adam. Sure it's always possible they could become a better band but as it is the best album they've ever released is One X. I just listened to Chalk Outline and it's something of a throwback to their work prior to One X. Sorries. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 A permanent break up would be nice. 

 They had a good reputation before? I've never met any real fans of their work, beyond the "I like a couple songs" thing. I don't mind them. I just don't care enough about them to download anything by them. 
 I really liked Three Day's Grace. I wish they were touring so I could see them, I don't get the hate for them right now.... 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Hopefully it will go well for them love them! 
 Originally Posted by blacklegluffy I really liked Three Day's Grace. I wish they were touring so I could see them, I don't get the hate for them right now.... I think I was about 14 when I heard of Three Days Grace (10+ years ago). I saw them at least twice in one year. First time at Festive Pier (Philly Music event) and Electric Factory (concert venue). I don' think their target demographic is teenagers but if you go to their shows... it's always a young crowd. I guess as their fans age their tastes change or they need more meaning from the music they listen to, especially if they're paying 65$ and up to see a performance. As I told Kuze, they're targeting a teenage audience, pretty much the rebel demographic where ever believes there is no one else like them and that they have the coolest this or are cool because they like that. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary I think I was about 14 when I heard of Three Days Grace (10+ years ago). I saw them at least twice in one year. First time at Festive Pier (Philly Music event) and Electric Factory (concert venue). I don' think their target demographic is teenagers but if you go to their shows... it's always a young crowd. I guess as their fans age their tastes change or they need more meaning from the music they listen to, especially if they're paying 65$ and up to see a performance. As I told Kuze, they're targeting a teenage audience, pretty much the rebel demographic where ever believes there is no one else like them and that they have the coolest this or are cool because they like that. I saw Coheed and Cambria at the Electric Factory actually. lol pretty good venue. And yeah I may be a tad too old for rebel teenage music but thats what I'm into. haha 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Wait? He left!?!?! How did I not hear about this? Three Days Grace is one of my favorite bands. 
