http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150039-Hello-everyone!!!
 Hello everyone!!!
 Hello everyone! I come in peace I'm new to this forums I'm currently watching: -Danganronpa -The World God Only Knows season 3 -Blood Lad -Shingeki Kyojin -Watamote -Kuroko no Basuke (currently waiting for season 2) I'm currently reading heaps of ongoing mangas. Not bothered to list all of them. I like music but i don't listen often. Only sport i'm interested in is basketball but i am a below average player. This is my first time being on a forum so please tell me if i am doing anything wrong. I hope i can get along with everyone 
 Nice name. You suck Alyster LOL. You shall neva beat Your Average Turtle! >:3 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Welcome Alyster n___n Very interesting introduction you wrote (which you took forever to write up). Don't make havoc and don't make bad impressions which will ruin our pride <3 
 
 So far you are not doing anything(well there really is not anything to do wrong) Welcome to A4 
  Spoiler 
 im new here to but welcome to A4 

 Lame... Why did you change your name to "strange"? Anyways... Welcome to A4. Have fun. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Welcome to A4! Your anime choices are excellent! I am also waiting for the new Kuruko No Basket. I'm super excited for it! I hope you enjoy your stay! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 WELCOME TO A4 dude!!!! I hope you enjoy it here... 
♥Kaori​  Spoiler "[People are] quite different. What grips me need hardly touch you at all. ... What is innocence in you may be guilt in me. ... What has no consequences for you may be the last nail in my coffin." - Kafka
 Originally Posted by Pured Lame... Why did you change your name to "strange"? Anyways... Welcome to A4. Have fun. Hahah he was forced to change it by ShannonApple :P 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Originally Posted by Pured Lame... Why did you change your name to "strange"? Anyways... Welcome to A4. Have fun. You should've seen how funny it was when he was like 'BUUUUT I DON'T WANNA CHANGE IT!' at school XD 
 
 I've tried watching Blood Lad but I don't like it. SnK and KnB, good choice I guess. By the way welcome to A4. Let's enjoy our stay here. 
 © 
 Some great anime you're watching Hope you enjoy your stay. 
 Originally Posted by Pured Lame... Why did you change your name to "strange"? Anyways... Welcome to A4. Have fun. Lol because i was told that my original choice was not allowed since there are younger people who have joined A4. If i didn't change it, i was probably going to get banned XP 
 ^ Still mourning over his original user name 
 
 No Hentai, ever. Strangeguy is okay, I guess. that's strange Tell you if you were doing something wrong? Well, first off...you had an [trolly or forbidden] username..before. :shark: Welcome to A4 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Ssssh Dayne, its his first forums :P At least he didn't pull of a WBL, when Shannon requested him to change it! 
 
 Originally Posted by Alter DRexz No Hentai, ever. Strangeguy is okay, I guess. that's strange Tell you if you were doing something wrong? Well, first off...you had an [trolly or forbidden] username..before. :shark: Welcome to A4 Well i figured that already which is why i had to change it lol :P 

 Lol Alyster. You still have the screen shot of your original username xDDDD 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Alyster should just print it off and frame it c: 
 
 hay welcome nice to meet u! 
 Hello and welcome to the site!plz don't be stupid! 
 If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. --Lao Tzu 9/10/13-R.I.P Hitler dono #Nazisstaydead 
 Welcome! Hope you enjoy it here (: 

 Your avatar is jokes. I am watching watamote too! Welcome! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
