http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159875-College-Studies-What-are-You-Enrolled-For
[Personal Life Discussions] College Studies, What are You Enrolled For?
 I've never thought college/university to be a waste of time. I think it can be a very useful investment. But, it is far more enjoyable when you have less to worry about, such as how to pay for school, rent, food, etc. I'll be sixty grand in debt by the time I finish... and I live in Canada where tuition prices aren't so bad. Unfortunately, I go to a university with one of the highest tuition costs in the country. Stupid move, yes. But my parents talked me into it. Going to school means getting out of this place and being able to do more with my life. I come from a primarily working class family. Only a few members have degrees or went to community college. Which isn't a bad thing, of course. But I just don't want to be stuck here.. The usual threat for those who don't go to school and move away is that they'll wind up working in the factory their whole lives. I didn't want to head off to university straight away. I had the grades and means to get into university anywhere across Canada but couldn't afford the different fees to do the applications. :/ My mom got upset at me when I said I didn't want to head off to school straight away and she told me I'd never go if I didn't, that I'd wind up pregnant and give up on any hopes for myself. At the same time, I had no savings and my parents refused to pay for anything. I have massive bank loans... I study English as my major, and Women's and Gender Studies as my minor (it was History before). I... don't like my major. A lot of the students I don't really fit in with. Most of my friends are in the social sciences or sciences. I picked it because I excelled at English in high school. But my high school really failed at preparing any of us for university. I've learnt a lot and my writing has improved substantially. It's one of the harder English programs offered across the country, which I had no idea until I came here. I struggled a lot up until now, and I've had a lot of **** thrown my way since first year. If I hadn't been so unhappy I would have changed my major or done a double major. Really kicking myself for not doing that now. Still, seeing my improvements lately has been great. My friends are very helpful and I'm mostly grateful for them and their encouragement. My family never gave me any expectations but my friends helped me get through my degree up until now and keep me going and kept me engaged. I still struggle a lot with focus but I'm getting better. They've also helped me network and gotten me involved in the community and with my school. I would have loved to have gone into Anthropology or Social Work and continued schooling. Those two areas interest me the most. Still, I'm able to do what I want with an English degree. I switched my minor also because I loved the field. I'm hoping to do a certificate in to be an immigration consultant. I'd like to work in universities. I'm hoping to teach ESL for a few years after graduation and get certificates in teaching ESL when I can afford to. I need international work experience and living abroad experience for quite a number of the jobs I'm interested in. I also want to teach because I've always wanted to see whether or not I like it. It'll be good too if I get to because most of my contacts are overseas. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
