http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150613-Anyone-else-think-Miley-Cyrus-puts-out-Good-Music
 Anyone else think Miley Cyrus puts out Good Music?
 She's had some nice hits in her innocent days, of course. But her new stuff seems really unique and her voice has really grown to be amazing. Now I don't know how much of the lyrics she writes or how many instruments she plays, but she certainly impresses and entertains me. Me personally, I enjoy her song/video We Can't Stop as a party anthem, many people don't, but I don't think I'm biased for her though... Anyway, this song flat out warms my heart and makes my soul dance: What do you think? 
 Last edited by Wuhdever; 09-14-2013 at 06:27 AM. 
 she could do much better if she changed her style, but the lyrics are nothing too special 

 I used to like some of her songs a long time ago. I think The Climb, and one other song. Also I'm not one who cares about public appearance when it comes to music, so what she is doing now, while being disturbing, doesn't affect my views on her music, I just don't really take interest in her songs. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Sadly after that twerking performance, all I can think of when I see or hear Miley Cyrus is this:  Spoiler 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Miley and most of other female pop singers are a guilty pleasure of mine. The music is not even good, the lyrics are dumb, but I still enjoy the songs. I guess it appeals to the stupid part of my brain. As such, I could care less about the "scandals" and "controversy" around the singers. Objectively, most of the pop being churned out today is ****, but if people can enjoy Naruto, I can enjoy Miley singing about snorting coke in the bathroom. 
 Don't you DARE compare Miley Cyrus to Naruto... ha 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 I never listened to that Wrecking Ball song, despite seeing it plastered all over Tumblr. I don't care for it, but her voice isn't bad, honestly. On another note, the girl that does those 50's/whatever else covers is just kind of ehhhh. 

 I'm not ashamed to admit that i own all her albums. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I hate these sorta y-u-left-me sorta songs. . . . But i think she have a really cool voice even the beats are awesome. . . way way better than selena's songs if u ask me. . . 
 Originally Posted by Doctor Strange On another note, the girl that does those 50's/whatever else covers is just kind of ehhhh. I thought her style was good, but like I said, the lyrics are nothing special. It's hard to make a song sound good when you have to rhyme bathroom with bathroom, even when you replace the generic musical composition of the song. 

 Have you guys heard some of her non album stuff 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Yeah I saw that before. Not really my cup of tea but when I saw it it made me realize for the first time she's a serious singer. Very talented. 
 "IT" has potential, but not really. No. All "IT" cares about is trying to hard to bypass "IT'S" kid-image when we already get it nor do we care, now I wish "IT" would get to more adult songs (i.e. not being mature sexual content - but "IT" behaving and singing like an adult, and not like an immature party teenager that needs to grow the hell up). Otherwise, nah, her music is too attention-whore-try-hard cow-sh*t to me. Just my honest opinion. Hopefully it changes in the future, but she's going to be mighty embarrassed when she actually grows and learns in her much more adult life. 
xxavacredxx
 Originally Posted by Faerhen "IT" has potential, but not really. No. All "IT" cares about is trying to hard to bypass "IT'S" kid-image when we already get it nor do we care, now I wish "IT" would get to more adult songs (i.e. not being mature sexual content - but "IT" behaving and singing like an adult, and not like an immature party teenager that needs to grow the hell up). Otherwise, nah, her music is too attention-whore-try-hard cow-sh*t to me. Just my honest opinion. Hopefully it changes in the future, but she's going to be mighty embarrassed when she actually grows and learns in her much more adult life. pretty much what you said is what I thin too. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I own her first album and I like that one. The rest of her albums, not so much. I don't really care either about her controversial performances, but her songs are just not that appealing to me. 

 Originally Posted by Faerhen "IT" has potential, but not really. No. All "IT" cares about is trying to hard to bypass "IT'S" kid-image when we already get it nor do we care, now I wish "IT" would get to more adult songs (i.e. not being mature sexual content - but "IT" behaving and singing like an adult, and not like an immature party teenager that needs to grow the hell up). Otherwise, nah, her music is too attention-whore-try-hard cow-sh*t to me. Just my honest opinion. Hopefully it changes in the future, but she's going to be mighty embarrassed when she actually grows and learns in her much more adult life. Who are you to say she needs to grow up? She's 20 and she is quite mature based on how she deals with all the circus in her life. I don't think her life is a constant reenactment of We Can't Stop, the thing is she clearly is trying to be groundbreaking in the hollyworld, and clearly she has been. If you check out some of her recent interviews you'd know she is still down to earth she just has chose this path as a celebrity, she wants to be legendary and she doesn't care how people will talk. I respect her for that. However it will be nice to hopefully hear a even more mature/realistic Miley Cyrus [musically] one day. 
 They are likable. The music video on the other hand - not too much (referring to Wrecking Ball and We Can't Stop) 
 
 Omg I just googled her... She really is 20... I thought she was like 17/18. @Mister, Links some of those interviews please. I wouldn't mind watching them if what you say is true, because at the sent my attitude toward hers is pretty poor. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Mister Who are you to say she needs to grow up? She's 20 and she is quite mature based on how she deals with all the circus in her life. I don't think her life is a constant reenactment of We Can't Stop, the thing is she clearly is trying to be groundbreaking in the hollyworld, and clearly she has been. If you check out some of her recent interviews you'd know she is still down to earth she just has chose this path as a celebrity, she wants to be legendary and she doesn't care how people will talk. I respect her for that. However it will be nice to hopefully hear a even more mature/realistic Miley Cyrus [musically] one day. Who am I? A 21 year old who behaves way more of an adult than she does. That's who. I still don't understand how 'dealing with the circus' maturely in your life involves performing outrageous sexual suggestions for attention, talking about how you don't want to be a role-model for people despite you having a little sister you need to be one for, and furthermore, causing your own engagement to crash? Also, if she needs to explain herself over her symbolism in her videos, perhaps she does care how people talk. Especially since that's the prime of every discussion and her behavior, she does care how people will talk. She wants it, it's blatantly obvious. And it's even more hilarious when someone will say they don't care nor listen to what people say, but actually does. I honestly have a feeling that she will die out first in popularity before maturing, and after then I don't think her music career will further. PS~ i've seen a glimpse of many of her interviews, and she's still annoyingly immature even then. 
xxavacredxx
 There's a big difference between explaining the symbolism in your work and want validation for said work. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 There's a big difference between explaining the symbolism in your work and want validation for said work. Well, when you have to explain something to people because it's so outrageous due to you wanting to be in the light of all the attention, let me know. xo~ 
xxavacredxx
 Originally Posted by Faerhen Who am I? A 21 year old who behaves way more of an adult than she does. That's who. I still don't understand how 'dealing with the circus' maturely in your life involves performing outrageous sexual suggestions for attention, talking about how you don't want to be a role-model for people despite you having a little sister you need to be one for, and furthermore, causing your own engagement to crash? Also, if she needs to explain herself over her symbolism in her videos, perhaps she does care how people talk. Especially since that's the prime of every discussion and her behavior, she does care how people will talk. She wants it, it's blatantly obvious. And it's even more hilarious when someone will say they don't care nor listen to what people say, but actually does. I honestly have a feeling that she will die out first in popularity before maturing, and after then I don't think her music career will further. PS~ i've seen a glimpse of many of her interviews, and she's still annoyingly immature even then. ^ Agree, and welcome back Faerhen. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by Faerhen Who am I? A 21 year old who behaves way more of an adult than she does. That's who. I still don't understand how 'dealing with the circus' maturely in your life involves performing outrageous sexual suggestions for attention, talking about how you don't want to be a role-model for people despite you having a little sister you need to be one for, and furthermore, causing your own engagement to crash? Also, if she needs to explain herself over her symbolism in her videos, perhaps she does care how people talk. Especially since that's the prime of every discussion and her behavior, she does care how people will talk. She wants it, it's blatantly obvious. And it's even more hilarious when someone will say they don't care nor listen to what people say, but actually does. I honestly have a feeling that she will die out first in popularity before maturing, and after then I don't think her music career will further. PS~ i've seen a glimpse of many of her interviews, and she's still annoyingly immature even then. Way to read into my post almost entirely wrong. What I was saying is she does what she does, she has chosen her path to greatness, and the way she deals with other peoples' reaction is what makes her mature, and frankly beautifully strong minded. The average girl her age would have had a severe mental breakdown by now. e.g. Britney. You made a good point about the little sister thing, but, hopefully they can explain to her the difference between being yourself and being your famous self. Unless Miley is at home practicing twerking in her little sister's room. Her sister has parents and so do a lot of little girls, its not really on Miley. 
 Originally Posted by Faerhen Well, when you have to explain something to people because it's so outrageous due to you wanting to be in the light of all the attention, let me know. xo~ Did you you just call her an attention whore? Because that's far far far from what she actualy is and quite frankly makes you sound ignorant. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I don't know how some of you even take yourselves seriously 

