http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138210-Massive-blizzard-hits-Northeast
 Massive blizzard hits Northeast
 http://www.cnn.com/2013/02/08/us/nor...html?hpt=hp_c1 One of my older sisters lives in Mass and from what I hear the government and a few others over there are thinking of making a ban on driving until the storm passes and anyone caught driving will be fined $500.00 Not sure if its true or if they are going through with it or just thinking of that but I don't get it lol. Tons of blizzards happen in the north east every year and what could make it so special that its causing so much problems? I mean it must be super bad if they are making a fuss like this over it...I mean REALLY bad. I am sure everything will be fine in the end though. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I live in Queens, NY... So I'm totally feeling it! Anyways this is the first heavy snow my area has gotten for 2 years I believe, when A similar blizzard struck through here back then. Since I'm cruising through A4 right now, things are as normal as possible.....for now. I do love snow so I was bitter that there was none for 2 whole years. Fairly soon..I'm gonna get drunk and jump outside..XD. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I heard they're gonna get 2 feet in about a day. If that happened here we'd probably have to vacate the Island. All the best to the people affected, triply so as Sandy has just breezed by recently as well. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Archangels Wrath I live in Queens, NY... So I'm totally feeling it! Anyways this is the first heavy snow my area has gotten for 2 years I believe, when A similar blizzard struck through here back then. Since I'm cruising through A4 right now, things are as normal as possible.....for now. I do love snow so I was bitter that there was none for 2 whole years. Fairly soon..I'm gonna get drunk and jump outside..XD. you gonna be ok? Would you like me to send over some Hot Coco for you? 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 There's a driving ban here too, which is comical by this point since the snows like two feet high and ain't no cars moving around through that ****. It's crazy high out there, and I dread tomorrow and all the shoveling it brings. CT will probably have insane amounts of power loss for the third time in two years, and my house near the police station will ride it out like a boss. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox you gonna be ok? Would you like me to send over some Hot Coco for you? Thank you for the concern Sir but hot cocoa is for sissies! ...J/K..I'd love some. Seriously though, I was fortunate for both Hurricane Sandy and this blizzard so far. In many other places folks are still struggling with all the mess lingering in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Well I live in Manhattan, for now it ain't that bad, seen worse when I was younger living in Lawrence, Massachusetts. 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE...I DARE YOU...  Spoiler Memeber Of The Dragon Ball Social Group Leader Of The Namek Division 
 it's coming down pretty hard over here in jersey i'm expecting a good amount of inches of snow for when i wake up in the morning 
 For all this crazy talk, this better be big. 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE...I DARE YOU...  Spoiler Memeber Of The Dragon Ball Social Group Leader Of The Namek Division 
 You know, it snows like this here all the time (2+ feet at least once a year) and people don't lose power over it (still die in car crashes though). Makes you wonder why it becomes such a big deal on the east coast. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 We are not prepared for this madness! 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE...I DARE YOU...  Spoiler Memeber Of The Dragon Ball Social Group Leader Of The Namek Division 
 Higher population density tends to make a difference in the NE. Plus everyone usually commutes crazy distances. So people will be out on the road until they get stuck. Plus the NE snow tends to be a nice mix of damp snow and freezing rain ( being close to the ocean ) which just makes it all worse. Versus just having the dry fluffy snow. So glad I moved, 1st Sandy, then a big storm right after, and now this one. My first winter not having to deal with snow, ahhh. 
 I hope all of you have fun in the snow its a cold 76 where i live better cover up its cold outside 
 If only the entire world were more like the State of Oregon...more specific the southern part. 1. Hurricanes are impossible and Tornados are so Alien its almost unheard of. 2. Its cold during the winter but not freezing or snowy unless you live in high mountains and not overly hot during summer. 3. No such thing as an earthquake...or at least it seems that way lol. I think I was in a tiny one when I was in like 4th grade but it was basically nothing. 4. Flooding and some forest fires during summer is our only notable natural hazzards lol. yeah....I love my state so freaking much. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I thought the world was going to end lol NY are punks! 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE...I DARE YOU...  Spoiler Memeber Of The Dragon Ball Social Group Leader Of The Namek Division 
 It was exaggeration on Lee Goldberg's part. This was just typical heavy snowfall, I still got what I wanted. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by Tenken You know, it snows like this here all the time (2+ feet at least once a year) and people don't lose power over it (still die in car crashes though). Makes you wonder why it becomes such a big deal on the east coast. There's less population density where you are for one. And maybe I'm stereotyping the upper midwest, but less trees as well. And certainly less ****ton of people and infrastructure jammed up in those trees. Trees slice the power lines. Originally Posted by NavonWise I thought the world was going to end lol NY are punks! CT has like three feet lol. The I-95 is apparently filled with cars that people had to get out of and leave there. I wouldn't know though because we could barely get out my front door. The neighbors had to climb out their windows. 
 Last edited by Guybrush888; 02-10-2013 at 01:27 PM. Reason: double post - we all know you know how to use multi quote 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 I live on the east coast of Canada, so the population is pretty spread out. Most of my university campus was closed yesterday except for the meal hall. I just made a move across campus to host a Japanese student so I had to walk outside yesterday in the blizzard. Not fun. I think my Chinese friends were traumatized. Hey, be thankful you don't live in Newfoundland. Although I'd love to go there... I just don't want to be buried. Dunno how many feet we have yet. I guess there's going to be more. Hoping the wind dies off before my roommate gets here tonight. lol I warned her to bring winter stuff. Hoping she heeds that advice because she won't be able to go shopping until later and I can only offer her hats and mittens. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 Originally Posted by Guybrush888 Higher population density tends to make a difference in the NE. Plus everyone usually commutes crazy distances. So people will be out on the road until they get stuck. Plus the NE snow tends to be a nice mix of damp snow and freezing rain ( being close to the ocean ) which just makes it all worse. Versus just having the dry fluffy snow. So glad I moved, 1st Sandy, then a big storm right after, and now this one. My first winter not having to deal with snow, ahhh. STFU stupid Hawaiian lol. Only 6 inches in mid-michigan, but probably at least a foot in the U.P. Lake effect is pretty odd for Michigan. 

 Ah, being in Connecticut right now is lovely. Dumb people, dumb weather. The usual. 

 Everyone here in Colorado is like "Suck it up, East Coast." 
 HONK :O) 
 Blizzard didn't hit here too hard, it was a lot of talk for nothing. The snow was cool though. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by ALToxicity Everyone here in Colorado is like "Suck it up, East Coast." I wasn't aware Colorado had anything near our metro-status and human congestion to be throwing stones? Real funny that. Maybe Coloradans can go to school and work with the roads turned into literally three foot high ice walls though, what do I know? With major concerns of branches taking out power grids? Sounds like a magical place. But seriously. You are 21 times as large as us. But we have 70% of your population. Think on that tough stuff. Originally Posted by Jellz Blizzard didn't hit here too hard, it was a lot of talk for nothing. The snow was cool though. Look northeast son. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 No **** that. Jellz is right, people here literally shitting themselves over any storm to hit NY. The news was saying people were LINING UP for gas on Friday and the lines were 20+minutes just to get to the pump. Fear mongering is at an all time HIGH. Just sad and pathetic that a foot of snow can't fall without people completely losing their ****. I sat here with a 12 case and my computer, it was a great storm. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Come to the UP. We rarely lose power, school never has a "snow day," work never closes. That being said, we're used to it, we have the infrastructure in place to deal with cold and snow. Front loaders and other construction equipment are used to remove snow here, you will rarely find a "snow plow truck" here. My advice for winter driving: Always carry a cellphone and an extra coat/hat/gloves/shovel in your vehicle. It may save your life or someone else's. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
