http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159497-Super-Powered
[OOC] Super-Powered
 Name: Mana (official name; Omega) Age: Appears approximately 16 years in age (but chronologically is 6 and some years) Gender: female Alias: None Affiliation: Neutral Power: Mana having been created from the genetic material of multiple super powered beings had the original intention of being the perfect soldier, but through unseen incompatibilities in the genes used Mana ended up as an "Acceleration Only" Model. Her speed and reflexes far beyond average human capacity. This effect is caused by the rapid generation and aging of her body's cells which allows Mana to access the stored potential energy in food or within the body far quicker and more efficiently than a human body. This rapid use of energy allows Mana to accelerate the workings of her body increasing her speed and reflexes temporarily, either to a lesser extent over longer periods of time or to her full speed for quite a shorter amount of time. Exactly how long she can accelerate for and how much is dependent on how much she has eaten, how recently she has eaten it and exactly what it was she ate (some foods are digested and turned into energy faster than others) are all limiting factors on how much Mana can Accelerate and for how long. Mana also has a variety of weapons at her disposal, though most of them are located within Organisation safe houses as Mana can only carry one or two weapons at a time. Physical Appearance:  Spoiler "Super" Appearance:  Spoiler Personality: Prefers her own company when she has the choice, though she follows her orders to the letter without question, she can have difficulty making decisions under her own power when in what she would consider a morally grey area. Backstory: Mana is an artificially created being using multiple different "super powered" test samples, implanted with artificial information and skills. She was created as the last of a series by an underground shadow organisation with the single purpose of combating God should he return. Mana's series was considered a failure, as none in the series developed power even close to the capacity to rival God, even all at once. Of that failed series there are only 3 remaining subjects alive of the original 24. Alpha the first and oldest of the series, Ro who developed a high capacity for psychokinetic abilities, and Mana the last and youngest of the series hence her true name Omega. Mana and her two sisters, incapable of facing God were relegated to hunting down Heros and villains who showed "above human ability" and collecting samples of their genetic structure for use in a later series, as well as acting as the organisations enforcers making sure those who found out too much didn't have the chance to spread what they knew around. 
 Last edited by Dust2Dust; 01-29-2015 at 07:22 PM. 
