http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157306-Sleep-Patterns-What-s-yours-like
[Personal Life Discussions] Sleep Patterns. What's yours like?
 Okay, While this isn't the most excellent thread. I am making it as a sort of example of what people should do when posting one because recently there's been a bunch of topics that have no discussion value at all. In other words, make your post to open the discussion, and ask questions at the end to open it up to others to add their piece. As a graphic designer, I sometimes stay up all night working. For some reason, the quiet night time makes it easier for me to think. Other times, it's just a case of me getting carried away with something that I am trying to do with the software and losing track of time. Because my sleep pattern is already messed up, sometimes I will stay up chatting to online friends in the US. (I know this is bad.) This is all very fine when I am basically working for myself. I don't have a schedule that I have to adhere to, although I might have a sort of diary written out for what I want to get done each day. Whenever I am working in a full-time job, I am in bed early because I know that I have to be up early. I can fix my sleep pattern if I really want to. I do try to get my 8 hours of sleep, even if I am working on a nutty schedule. Sometimes that's not possible if I have a deadline in place and I have to meet the client the next day. I do sometimes make large last minute changes that require staying up all night. What about you guys? Do you have normal or crazy sleeping hours and what influences your sleep pattern? 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I woke up at 1AM today, right on the nose. So, my sleep is broken. Due to both watching the walking dead/youtube, talking to people online, and just being a bit of an insomniac. I often struggle with sleep. Whether it be oversleeping and passing out at the wrong times, or staying up, not sleeping... But gosh, do I love me some sleep. When I have had a decent pattern going, it can be nice, fitting in with the rest of the world, but without any reason to keep that pattern going I don't really care if I break it. I should take sleep more seriously simply just for health reasons. Side note: Good going tonight/today Shannon. 
 Erratic. I've been working 12 hour swing shift for the last year for example I'll work 5:30am - 6:00pm Sat, Sun, Mon then I'm off Tue and Wed then work 5:30pm - 6:00am Thur and Fri then I'm off Sat, Sun, and Mon and the cycle repeats swinging from days to nights every time I'm off. Some guys try to stick to some sort of routine as much as possible I just do what I feel on my days off I've stayed up 24+ hours more in the last year than I probably have in the previous 25 years. So as far as patterns I can't identify one I just got off at 6am I'm gonna meet some friends for breakfast then I'll likely sleep a few hours if not I'll stay up till this evening and flip my schedule for when I go in on Thursday morning. I really would find this schedule extremely difficult if I had kids I Imagine or a significant relationship especially if I had the old ball and chain. 
 I know my sleeping pattern is pretty bad, Normally I'll come in around 10 or 11pm, go to my room and stay there playing xbox, watching anime, and editing till about 5am then sleep till 12pm, however, every few days I'll sleep in pretty late till about 3-4pm but I hate sleeping late, so I normally set two alarms. 

 Last few months I have developed a really bad sleep pattern. I usually fall asleep around 4am or 5 am, waking up around 1 pm. Today I fell asleep earlier I think, but still got up around 1pm. I get enough of sleep every day, like 8-9 hours. Anyway, I was never a morning person, though waking up earlier is healthier and I mostly feel better if I wake up in the morning rather than in afternoon. I prefer staying up at night because it's silent. Nothing better than chilling out during night, watching a movie or a tv show. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Bed at 3.30 am to be up at....7.30 am. For the last monthish. Thank you world cup/passing out for half day at a time. Yeah, I need 6 minimum preferably 8 to not be zombified till lunch. I may need to bust open the sleeping pills as its definitely got me feeling weaker as day goes on and more brain flatulence than usual. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 In short: All over the place. Now let's elaborate: Though I do make an effort to be in bed by midnight and up by 7:30 AM, what'll usually happen is I'll get some stupid idea for something I want to write about an hour in, pick up my notes, and end up writing until the wee hours of the morning. Sometimes I'll summon the willpower to get out of bed with only a couple of hours of sleep in tow, so it's fairly rare that I wake up in the afternoon. Mind you that most of the time I do actually wake up early but on a really bad day I'll just doze back to sleep and go on-and-off between being asleep and awake in a horrific carnival of juggling consciousness that lasts for several hours, and unless I manage to snap out of it in time, I do end up staying in bed past 12PM. So, yeah, it's not great. 
 
 My sleep pattern had changed since I'm working different shifts, due to filling in for a co-worker who had gotten injured recently. It took a few days to get used to but I think I've become accustomed quite well. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I sleep around midnight--or at least I try to. This is something I have to impose on myself, else I would just sleep whenever, depending on what is distracting me. I have more trouble with getting up than sleeping. On the weekdays, I am up around 7 to 9A.M., but on the weekends, I am usually not up until around noon at least, regardless of what time I went to sleep. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Unless there is something that means I need to stay up, I sleep when I feel tired and wake up when I am done sleeping. However I usually stay up to around midnight and wake up anywhere from 7 AM to 10 AM. As I said, If I have to go somewhere or something, that's the only time that usually changes. I also go to bed earlier when I just got back from something like an 8-hour trip. 
  Spoiler 
 It depends on how tired I am ... I usally got to bed when I can't keep my eyes open anymore . It's different every night . But I do wake up 8 am or 9 am . I hate sleeping more than 6 hours because then I feel worse than sleeping 2 hours . 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 My sleeping pattern is weird, being that I always wake up within a certain window of time (between 5:30a and 6:20a during the school year, for example) no matter how late I go to bed (which can be from 10p to 2a). I tend to stay up browsing the internet on my phone. The waking up at a determined time does get annoying during breaks when I don't want to wake up at 6 in the morning. 
 HONK :O) 
 Since I have a pretty big body anything below 8 hours is a no no for me, it often results in me skipping work/school if I don't get my 8 hours D= I'm like a zombie if I don't get any sleep. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 sleep at 4am and get up at around 2:30 pm or so. I always need at least 9 hours of sleep. Sometimes I get 2-3 hours of sleep and I feel more rejuvenated then when i get 12 hours of sleep. 
 I've been struggling with my sleep schedule since starting university. Sometimes won't sleep until midnight and then have to wake up at six (until I started registering for classes later in the day). Other day, I sleep around 2 am and wake up around 9 am. I have severe paranoia of the dark and uncovered windows, and/or being left alone in my apartment for the night, so that affects my sleep schedule too. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 My sleep patterns are totally screwed. Last week went a little something like this... Wednesday - No sleep Thursday - 2.5 Hours between 3am - 5:30am Friday - 3 Hours between 00:01am - 3:00am Sat - 3 Hours between 9pm - 00:01am Sunday - No Sleep Monday - No Sleep Tuesday - 04:30am - 9:00am This is all down to work. Thankfully things have now calmed down and I have a month and a half off so can get back into a normal pattern. When i'm away with work I have a 6 hours on 6 off pattern. This mucks you around quite a bit. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai You're a terrible A4 user 
 this thread that doubles as a "who doesnt have a job" thread 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee this thread that doubles as a "who doesnt have a job" thread Read my mind! I tend to get around 5-6 hours of sleep a night generally. I work as a support worker for people with disabilities, and generally get up at 5.15 am, but as I am required to do some shift work, sometimes I work overnight 9pm-7am and then I'll usually sleep an hour or so when I get home then sleep like normal... I'm not great at napping or sleeping during the day. Have occasional bouts of insomnia but not as bad as I used to. As a responsible adult, I get up and go to work regardless of the amount of sleep I get. 

 Bed usually around 12 to 1 Up at about 7 every day. On Fridays I'm asleep after 2 and I still wake up around 7. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 I usually hit the sack around 2-2:30 and wake up at 6:30 am to attend classes then come back at 9:30 and take a 1 hour nap. That's all for the weekdays. On weekends I usually do an 8-10 hour. Once I fall asleep its quite uninterrupted, there are no breaks. On weekends I'm like a dead log. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Usually I need 7 or 8 hours to sleep. Last night I slept 12 hours straitght. I think I was a bit tired. But it's just my opinion... 
 I usually get to bed every night around 11pm, and wake up from 6am-8am depending on when I need to be at work the next morning. On my days off, I stay up as late as possible (usually no later than 12am-1am because of my usual sleep cycle) and wake up without an alarm (usually 8am at the latest) 
 skype: takkune07 
 I go to bed between 10 and 11 and wake up between 530 and 630. I have to get up drink coffee, walk the dog, and clock in for work before 7. im pretty much et in this schedule so even on days that I don't hve to work I wake up before 8 am 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Inconsistent as hell. One day 2 hours, the next.5. It is always changing in the work im in 
 I try to go to bed at 9:45 P.M., but anime usually has other ideas. I go to bed at 10:00 every day. I'm also one of those people who buys into the concept of needing eight hours of sleep every day to function properly as a human being, but I don't like sleeping more than I have to - so I get up at around 8:00 AM. 

