http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141786-Pawn-Stars-and-Storage-Wars
 Pawn Stars and Storage Wars
 I don't usually watch TV that much anymore but when I do I find myself watching both of these shows a lot, and I really do think there 2 of the most interesting shows on TV. Pawn Stars is all about bullsh*tting and haggling people lol and Storage Wars is pretty cool because you get to see how much profit they make off of things that were just thrown away basically. Anyways, what are your thoughts on this show? Do you prefer watching this over anything else on TV? 
 I sort of enjoy Pawn Stars. The items that are shown on the show are very interesting and provide me with decent entertainment when I am channel surfing. I do have a few gripes with it though. Pawn Stars is on the History Channel, other than the fact that a majority of the items sold on the show have historical significance, the show its self has nothing to do with history. At least it provides some history, unlike other History Channel shows.....*cough* Ax Men *cough* Swamp People As for Storage Wars, I despise it. The major turn off for me is the silly drama that is created between characters. The focus of the show seems more pointed towards the drama than the items in the storage units. There is a show on Spike that is similar to Storage Wars that I actually like called Auction Hunters. It is essentially the same thing, but it only focuses on one team of buyers. Lately though, some of that silly drama has been seeping into the show. Which makes me very sad. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 I enjoy Pawn Stars. Some of the items that go through there are rather interesting especially when people bring in bizarre things. Fun fact. the episode where an elder lad brings in a picture of a smiley face smoking is my sister's friend's grandmother. I also think that little competitions they have with each other can be quite entertaining. I have recently gotten into hardcore Pawn a similar show on TruTV, but focuses more on the haggling part than the actual item. As for Storage Wars. I sometimes watch it, but otherwise I don't really care for it. The same goes for Container Wars, and Auction Hunters. Sometimes the items they find are cool, but other times, it's just boring, so I end up leaving on Storage Wars and do something else half paying attention. 
  Spoiler 
 hmmm I don't usually watch storage wars but pawn stars is the best it has history and fun facts and you'll get some couple of lessons about haggling and history about many cool stuffs to be honest I love history especially word war 2 topics 
 i love pawn stars it's my favorite history channel tv show i like all the cool artifacts that come into the shop and how all the staff generally argue alot the only thing i dont like about the show is that rick low balls to much and that makes me mad i know your trying to make money but cut some slack. storage wars is pretty good i havnt seen it in while barry is pretty cool but i dont like the guythat goes yuuuuuuup. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 I love watching Pawn Stars, especially when there's a marathon going, great entertainment between Rick(sometimes), His Dad, Big Hauss, and Chumlee..Enjoy the history I learn from the stuff that comes into the shop, but sometimes the customers ask ridiculous amount for something like a menu from Alcatraz. The only downside is some of Rick's jokes, they sometimes come off as a bit too rude or just not funny at all. As for storage wars, I used to watch it with my mom, but the show got old really fast. 
 Originally Posted by the1who0nethewest i dont like the guythat goes yuuuuuuup. Dave got fired, after which he attempted to sue the show. He's no longer a cast member. I enjoy both Storage Wars and Pawn Stars. Storage Wars feels really staged, to me, from the contents of the lockers down to the behavior of the bidders (I'm pretty sure Jarrod and Brandi are told to bicker over money issues, because it's "entertaining"). I do miss Dave, though. I liked his interactions with some of the other bidders, mainly him and Barry. Pawn Stars, however, I watch only for the content of the show, because I hate every single cast member. I can only understand 40% of what "Old Man" says, Chumlee is a retard, and Rick and his son are fat disgusting douchebags. 
Love forever, love is free. last.fm - steam 
 I've always liked Pawn Stars- but I suspect that happens when you grow up with an antique loving mother. Storage Wars has grown on me in increments. I like it- from a perverse sense of getting to see the hidden secrets of other peoples lives after basically living out of a storage much of my life but I dislike the amount of drama the producers are clearly aiming for on the show. Also, I really dislike the remakes of these shows. Hardcore Pawn and SW Texas or whatever... HcP is so dramatic! It's never about the history or the uniquity of the item but always about ooo, someone was stealing or someone was getting paid off... whatever. Not my cup of tea. 
Store | Site | Tumblr | DeviantArt
