http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page7
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 7
 This.  Spoiler OMG, lol!  Spoiler 
 Last edited by Ned; 03-14-2014 at 01:29 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Mako is going save anime next week! 
 
 Desperately in need of a gif of this episode's life fiber sync with Senketsu. That **** was amazing. 
 
 I'll think about making one, lol. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This show is getting so good now, I already liked it at the beginning but after like ep 17 it has kept on one upping itself and has always managed to pull it off. I am very much looking forward to the next one as a lot of stuff is going to happen. 
 You don't have long to wait for the next one... Tomorrow... morning, I think it was? 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned You don't have long to wait for the next one... Tomorrow... morning, I think it was? Yeah I believe it will now be today at some point, depends if I am working tonight (Which will annoy me haha) I wonder what is going to happen though I have a feeling something will happen to Satsuki..... 
 Originally Posted by Mosh Yeah I believe it will now be today at some point, depends if I am working tonight (Which will annoy me haha) I wonder what is going to happen though I have a feeling something will happen to Satsuki..... It was epic.  Spoiler 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 It was indeed epic, it was all worth it with that smile from Satsuki The amount of epic in this show is just to much to handle haha 
 Felt the battle was a bit lackluster. I thought Life Fibre would put up more of a fight. Last episode next week. I'm ready to be saved! 
 
 I felt it was very TTGL. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned I felt it was very TTGL. When hasn't the show felt very TTGL haha, but I love the fact it takes bits out of TTGL and adds its own unique spin on things. Kill la Kill manages to one up itself every episode and the climax I look forward to quite a lot. I don't want the show to end sadly as my thursdays have been something to look forward to but alas it must end. 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 Originally Posted by Mosh When hasn't the show felt very TTGL haha, but I love the fact it takes bits out of TTGL and adds its own unique spin on things. Kill la Kill manages to one up itself every episode and the climax I look forward to quite a lot. I don't want the show to end sadly as my thursdays have been something to look forward to but alas it must end. Yes, Thurday is going to be sad time on tumblr. 
❤ χχχвℓα¢к 
 "Humans are humans! Clothing are clothing!" Never before has a more profound thing been heard in anime! It was so deep, that my mind cannot even comprehend its great significance! Seriously though, it was a beautiful ending. With lots of naked people, too.  Spoiler 
 Last edited by Ned; 03-28-2014 at 12:35 AM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Fitting ending to a great show (despite it's very strange plot). Really enjoyed the final fight scene and ending credits. 
 Right, haha final form of clothing is becoming a rocket ship. I really liked this show, it was a great shonen 
 The ending was really well done, a part of me was thinking how insane will it actually go. It didn't quite go the complete epic TTGL route but it had its own stand out moments. The action was great the overall episode was fantastic and it had a fitting ending. I heard episode 25 will be on the DVD/B-R of the series in which I really hope it's dedicated to the aftermath stuff. They look all so happy in their ordinary clothes and Satsuki cut her hair! (I liked it long ) I am going to miss this series a lot. I hope trigger's next production will be just as wacky. 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 Holy f**k. I swear the tables turn at least once every 5 minutes in this one. That aside, the series was great! I enjoyed the first half a little bit more than the second half, but the ending epic nonetheless. Though I kinda wished the human population would have lived happily ever after as one giant colony of nudists. 
 Glad I decided to watch it despite thinking it wouldn't be interesting at a time. (I already found out it'd be awesome after the 1st episode though) The finale was great, I liked it a lot and am curious what we'll see in the future from Trigger. 
 
 Blushing Satsuki is the best end that I can hope for. Even with all the asspull the story had it was still a fun a show to watch. I'm a bit sad that it's over. 
 
 The ending was really superb! It was nice to see a series which was really one exteneded narritive. Also that has to be one of the most epic endings to any story I have encountered. This is one of my top 10 series! 
 They parodied Evangelion so hard. Such a refreshing series. I remember watching the pilot and the ending and just feeling how much hype, comedy, and action the series had smacked you with up-front and then cradled you with at the end. Those pinnacle moments of YOU HAVENT SEEN NOTHING YET were bone-crushing in epicness imo, and the freakin' brushes of comedy were complimenting the series' goofy mood. That is to say, the goofy mood seemed to ruin the very un-serious story...which kicked into THIS IS SEWIUZ later on. Threw me off for a split bit, but I pulled back and rolled with the anime's ecchi climaxes and hysterical punches. 
 The plot is essentially identical to Sonic Adventure 2 except that the life fibers are aliens that want to take over the human race as energy. The characters are so amazing and make me happy. Pretty much if you loved Gurren Lagann and Dead Leaves you will fall in love with it. The art direction is one thing I fell immediately in love with but the main story doesn't take off until episode 6. Mako's outfit is the best though. Giant Jojo reference. 
 Last edited by LuckyKuma; 05-11-2014 at 01:40 PM. Reason: I wanted to add a picture 
 "Hey, me. The me of that day, don't worry anymore. I found it immediately, something that I could do, something that I loved. An important... precious... precious place!" 
 I just finished watching the series. It was interesting and different is what I took away from it. It had some humorous moments and quite a few unique characters. This is what I usually classify as an "experience anime", it is fun while you watch it, but it is not deep, does not try to say anything, has a bland story, and is mainly about action/humor/flashiness. I kind of forced myself along and kept watching it, but was really never that impressed with it. I would give it a 3 out of 5 (just average) for being interesting and different, but probably was my least favorite series I have watched since subscribing to Crunchyroll over a year ago. It was still a good experience though and now I will know what everyone is talking about. Mako and Guts were two of my favorites, and it was nice to see female protagonists be the leads in an action series, Ryuko is pretty badass. The idea of clothing being evil (or the enemy) was pretty good too, and having nudist beach be the good guys fighting against them. I am going to an anime convention this weekend in Minneapolis, so I might look for something to buy from this series. It did have a cool atmosphere and protagonists if nothing else. 
Best Anime = Neon Genesis Evangelion
 Yeah, I agree with you and that's why I'm glad I watched it when it was coming out every week. This kind of show could get boring and repetitious if watched all at once. As something to look forward to each week though, it was a lot of fun! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
