http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152141-does-anybody-believe-in-love/page2
[Personal Life Discussions] does anybody believe in love ? - Page 2
 Someone quick, call a mod to edit my name being slapped on that ****! 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 I believe in love. There has to be some logical explanation for why I willing commit myself to a romantic relationship with a man who never understands anything. - He doesn't understand why "i'm too old" is the wrong answer as to why you "won't do eyeball shots in the future." Because it means that in the past there was a time when you were dumb enough to try willingly try it. - He doesn't understand why Harley is a superior brand to Triumph. His only logic is "Triumph is British. I'm Welsh but I was born in England. It's a better brand." - He doesn't understand that I have mood swings even when I'm not on my period. Not only do i not need a reason for a mood swing, but you can expect I'll have a mood swing if you start crying and babbling about marriage and why it's a necessary step in the course of our relationship. - He can remember my fave video game, fave food, but gets mad at me because he forgot my birthday. And then he accuses me of dragging everything out like a Greek epic or Shakespearean drama and then the very next day accuses me of thinking he's too stupid to know what either one is. Yes. What is my problem? No. WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR PROBLEM? - I love sports to death. You know this so I have no idea while he'll complain about a decline in our intimacy during the US Open, then when I'm willing and able and have time during a change of ends to get something started, he says "no the game is on. you should watch the game." And then I find out he's playing frigging LB. And when I call him on it he goes "I didn't think you meant it anyways." Way to completely undermine my expectations of men giving my past experiences with them. Not to mention the likelihood of our ability to survive were we the last members of the human race on the planet, rests on whether or not a game is on and whether or not he is gaming. - It is never ok to tell a girl "I want kids before I put a ring on your finger" unless you're from the UK where the cost of marriage so astronomical. No single ceremony that spans less than a day will ever be more expensive than the cost of raising a child. It's easier and far less time consuming to get pregnant but that's the most expensive 5 seconds of my life. I can see it now. I decided to not get married because it was too expensive but I magically have the means to raise a child and maybe 2 since apparently twins runs in my family. The reason I'm not marrying ever is because marriage is the last legal form of slavery and I refuse to partake in a ceremony that has morphed into a staple of the racist, homophobic, patriarchal paradigm. (As many others before me stated, marriage has always been a business arrangement that over the course of the last millennium seems to be centered around money and not love.) Ok. So maybe on both our parts, there needs to be a reason why we haven't killed each other yet. Love seems as just as good a reason as anything else. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 ...This wasn't a thread I thought a lot of tempers would be running hot in... 
 The world is full of so many personalities that to define love is difficult. Everyone has their own perception of it. I believe the ultimate kind of love, unconditional which is all forgiving etc does exist I also believe the 'traditional' kind of love where two remain faithful and are deeply devoted does also exist, its just rare. But really each to their own, whatever. I do believe there is someone perfectly compatible for everyone, the world is just that abundant. 
 Originally Posted by Pured Funny you mentioned this... Today I was at the shops and I'm a frequent shopper at some dude's shop and he was talking about the quality of love and ****. He said back then people got married and loved eachother tillthey died, now everything is about money. He used his gran parents as an example, and his siblings. I told him I agreed, and also have my family as proof. It's always been about money. Marriage has always been a business arrangement or an arrangement of convenience. The difference is marriage and "quality of it" has changed primarily because of women having access to higher education. When the number of women entering the workplace rose, nuclear families went into decline. I do not think one caused the other though some anti feminists will argue otherwise... But it's also just as likely that the male supremacist ideologies that held women back for thousands of years also conspired to increase the burden of women everywhere. How many men are parents and bread winners? Once the judicial system stopped siding with the male parent, all of a sudden women became parents and bread winners. This happened around the same time women began entering the workplace in droves. Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares Are you talking about selfish romantic love, or are you talking about compassion love? There is certainly not enough compassion, but too much selfish love. I am always in love, but I do not pursue it. I am 80/20 against relationships. It is too much work, and there is not much to gain. However, that is also because I have not find anyone suitable. The worst thing anyone can do is think he or she needs love or relationships to be happy. Compassion, on the other hand, can never be enough. I love you. I agree with this for the most part. Actually I love almost every part. Originally Posted by BuddyLee ...This wasn't a thread I thought a lot of tempers would be running hot in... I'm currently involved in a heterosexual relationship with a gamer from the UK. My fuse was lit before I entered this thread. Though I agree normally this isn't a thread for tempers to fly given the content of the OP. I blame Pured. Also. I'm semi sorry about my previous rant and rave. It's getting close to the holidays and I'm ****ing scared my family will make him think twice about his interest in me. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary The reason I'm not marrying ever is because marriage is the last legal form of slavery and I refuse to partake in a ceremony that has morphed into a staple of the racist, homophobic, patriarchal paradigm. Ahaha, oh that's so cute. I'm currently involved in a heterosexual relationship with a gamer from the UK. Whoa exotic. Please tell me you're not implying culture clash is the root of your problems lol. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph Ahaha, oh that's so cute. Doesn't make it any less true. Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph Whoa exotic. Please tell me you're not implying culture clash is the root of your problems lol. My immediate family is anti-anything that clashes with their religious beliefs. Which is pretty much everything. Introducing an average joe who hasn't gone to Church since he was a baby, votes, gets vaccines, and doesn't believe in predefined gender roles to my family is not something I want to tackle. As far as my mother is concerned, deviating from the predefined gender roles dating back to the 1800s is a sin. Voting is a sin. My younger brother, because he's a male has been raised to believe that housework is a woman's job, amongst other equally insane ****. Video games, as well as other forms of entertainment and most forms of media are Gateways for the Devil to invade your mind and soul. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee ...This wasn't a thread I thought a lot of tempers would be running hot in... Hot, steamy love. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Yes I believe in romantic love. I've had boyfriends in the past who I thought I loved and I felt strong feelings for. When I met my recent boyfriend however it's something much more powerful than that. He's my best friend and I feel like I can tell him everything. We laugh together, have long conversations and share each others opinions with one another. Never felt comfortable with anyone else in my life, but every time I talk to him, I feel completely safe. The one thing that's beautiful is how I completely opened up to him and he's never judged me, instead he loved me even more. Love is a very powerful feeling, so many years ago I thought I knew what love was all about but I was wrong. Never knew what love was until I found the person I'm with now. =) 
 I believe in love but not that marriage is the most important part of love. **** if it werent for the fact that married people get so many perks, Ryan and I would not be married, its a business agreement and holds ne weight in our relationship outside legal matters Im always amazed by the number of people who look at marrige as the goal of a relationship, and put it up on some pedistal. thats not how it works lol 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary Doesn't make it any less true. You're taking a heavily abstract condemnation of larger trends in other parts of the world, our recent past, and some lingering expectations around us, and blanketing the entire thing in bile. That's junior grade nothingness right there, not profound social justice or whatever you imagine it to be. My immediate family is anti-anything that clashes with their religious beliefs. Which is pretty much everything. Introducing an average joe who hasn't gone to Church since he was a baby, votes, gets vaccines, and doesn't believe in predefined gender roles to my family is not something I want to tackle. As far as my mother is concerned, deviating from the predefined gender roles dating back to the 1800s is a sin. Voting is a sin. My younger brother, because he's a male has been raised to believe that housework is a woman's job, amongst other equally insane ****. Video games, as well as other forms of entertainment and most forms of media are Gateways for the Devil to invade your mind and soul. That's called "insane", not "American" as opposed to "British". 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by Chicanary The reason I'm not marrying ever is because marriage is the last legal form of slavery and I refuse to partake in a ceremony that has morphed into a staple of the racist, homophobic, patriarchal paradigm. (As many others before me stated, marriage has always been a business arrangement that over the course of the last millennium seems to be centered around money and not love.) Ok. So maybe on both our parts, there needs to be a reason why we haven't killed each other yet. Love seems as just as good a reason as anything else. Thank you for agreeing with my initial post; however, I must disagree with you here. I would like to say your ideals on marriage are misguided. What the ceremony is used for in modern times should have no bearing on what you use it for. The only change marriage has seen is the way people get married. Do not let others determine what marriage means to you. Just because others get married for money does not mean you have to, and it is unfair to say that is all there is to marriage. Furthermore, blame any "legal" slavery in a marriage on the government that exists, not on marrying it self. You do not need a government trying to make money off of you to get married. Marriages by itself is supposed to be two equal people learning from each other and mutually benefiting. if that is ever not the case, someone needs to file for divorce. Also on your last sentence, it could also be because the two of you are just too stubborn to know when to quit. It is a common occurrence. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Funkmasta Zeph You're taking a heavily abstract condemnation of larger trends in other parts of the world, our recent past, and some lingering expectations around us, and blanketing the entire thing in bile. That's junior grade nothingness right there, not profound social justice or whatever you imagine it to be. Marriage grew out of heterosexual pairings during the era of Cave Man Joe and Cave Girl Jane. It set the standards for a nuclear family and globally it has evolved into a business arrangement that kept women subservient to men. At no point in time was marriage ever necessary or an eventuality because you loved some one. Other than for monetary reasons/certain courtesies afforded married couples, I see no reason to do it. And hope I never have to do it. Keep in mind that it was less than 5 years ago that in Mexico a rapist could avoid jail if he married the victim. In some parts of the world that is still a common occurrence. In India, marriage and the traditions surrounded it has lead to gendercide of women. And in some places/amongst some households (including the one I was raised in), marriage is the only way for a woman to advance herself. My decision to not get married isn't my attempt at social justice or anything like it. It's my way of avoiding the loss of identity many woman have suffered over the centuries. My so can love me all he wants but marriage is simply not on my to do list. 
 Last edited by Chicaиαry; 10-26-2013 at 04:24 PM. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I believe in love, But it's fading away as time goes on. It's harder and harder to connect with people about love because they usually want something in return, at least that's what i think... but it's a big, yet small world, everyone has a match just takes time i'm not pursing any kind of relationships either till my heart skips a beat at the site of the one I become in love with. I want it to be about acceptance being able to look past the flaws in oneself, not needing anything but that persons in your life and you'll have all the happiness you could ever ask for. 

 chica, marriage didnt exist really until agriculture and property became something valuable to be passed down the line. prior to that any items the group needed were shared, and women were seen more as equals. Bonobos are a better mirror of early human group dynamics then chimps are. they are far more cooperative then chimps as well which is vital to the groups success. you can even observe some ofbthe same dynamics in rribal people today. though monogamy is a relatively new concept, and doesnt apply to early human societies. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 I'm not sure what you're getting at Pinky. Yeah, marriage wasn't always around, but at initial start up women and men were given different roles usually determined by the society they lived in. Those societies from as far as historians can tell favored men. And it wasn't isolated to any specific region. Present day Scotland, Wales, and Ireland all had marriage traditions (some of which are still active) that weren't exactly easy on a bride. This includes wife stealing and kidnap. In India and some other parts of Asia, women who became widows were forced to die alongside their husbands or marry their husband's brother/other blood relative. These were common occurrences amongst nomadic groups before they settled and did the agriculture thing. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 OK but here's the thing, What time period are we talking about here? Because there is a huge difference between "cave man" and "modern" humans, Because you said marriage dates back to prehistory, when it doesn't, and neither does monogamy. Then you go on to talk about mainly western marriage practices from less then a few thousand years ago. I'm a little confused as to what time period you are trying to make a point about. All I'm saying is that marriage (or monogamy) doesn't date back as far as you, or most people for that matter, think it does. 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 Originally Posted by Pinky The Blue Flamingo All I'm saying is that marriage (or monogamy) doesn't date back as far as you, or most people for that matter, think it does. Ah! No. Marriage doesn't date back to the dawn of time. As far as I know it goes back to at least 3000 BC. By Cave Girl Jane and Cave Man Joe, I mean the very first instances of people (Adam & Eve according to the bible). They did engage in heterosexual pairings. It's possible they were monogamous but it's unlikely. "Monogamous" Pairings and marriage are two separate things. The fist was possible but isn't supported by modern day science, and the second was just as necessary a tool for survival as its predecessor did but it too is now outdated. (But the reason for both developed out of the same need for the most part) I see your point though. And recognize there is a huge gap between Cave People and then marriage. And there were multiple periods in different places (primarily Africa and Asia) where women were on par with men, but those periods and instances never seemed to last long) and in those same areas, marriage (and or traditions associated with it) are sometimes the most intense. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary Marriage grew out of Gosh, I don't care. See here's the thing, what is marriage right now between me and mine? Mayhaps an analysis of that dynamic is actually relevant? Perhaps there are sexist aspects of it! Well we can discuss and look at those. And well gosh, we have. We've discussed the takings of last names and what have you. As I'm not some troglodyte idiot guided by ancient histories and have something called "awareness" and "agency" I am perfectly happy with her doing whatever. Of course. I've even floated the idea of taking her name, whatever's cool. I wouldn't not do it. You're far too up the ass of large form structural thinking and theory, that you don't even see the present and actors as mattering like at all. It's the equivalent of saying it's impossible for religion to be good and healthy for human society because of how it started or acted, and still acts in some places and instances. These are ridiculous lazy conclusions. And don't think the dowry old fashioned sexist mentality of marriage isn't in my life relevance. You do remember where she's from right? Think opposite side of Europe as your man. I hesitate to even say Europe. Which you know, highlights how dumb it is bringing up India and Mexico, as if existing in the same time negates the difference of place. You're like...denying the existence of social geography if you think that it means something to marriage in Connecticut what it means in India. Try handling marriage astride a cultural divide, like an actual one so not UK vs US. Tell me then that marriage is the same by virtue of time. 
The greatest forum. http://www.newporkcity.net/npcforum/index.php
 Originally Posted by vessicator I don't understand. Why is it necessary to believe in a feeling? It's like asking, do you believe in hate? Do you believe you can hate someone so much that the mere sight of them makes you want to bite your tongue? Do you believe there is someone in the world who you will hate more than anyone else, and that person is the only person you'll ever hate with all your heart? Well? Its a state of mind. Remember reading somewhere that during the first year the brain chemistry changes and then during year 2....this state of mind turns to dependency, lol. Hence people trudging along in relationships that need a portable defibrillator to keep going. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Of course love is real. As an emotion and a concept. I understand what you mean though, with the withered corpse of chivalry lying dead under a bridge somewhere and the modern influences of the availability of divorce, the empowerment of the individual, the fact that there are just a f*ck load more people, and a whole ton of other reasons really make it seem like it's just a dated idea nowadays... My girlfriend is a hopeless, classical romantic idealist who adores the ideas of soulmates and eternal, unconditional love and Jane Austin novels. Shes a beautiful soul and shes definitely changed my beliefs about it. But in my opinion, love is an emotion, one that can surge up at any moment, and can lie dormant for years or bubble to the surface unexpectedly, just like sadness or anger. It can last a life time. But it's a tough time for love to survive. I think it's just the sheer complexity of every aspect of life that kills and steals love away. Being confused with hormones and lust, fading from boredom or change, exiled by bad experiences. For an emotion to remain appear, and remain unchanged for a persons life is a rare occurrence, and I feel like love is just an emotion, a sensation like any other... But what the f*ck would I know, I'm 21 and like anime, hahahah. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 I think love still exists, but it's just hard now to find the RIGHT person. 

 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Its a state of mind. Remember reading somewhere that during the first year the brain chemistry changes and then during year 2....this state of mind turns to dependency, lol. Hence people trudging along in relationships that need a portable defibrillator to keep going. That would explain why when I broke up with my first girlfriend after a couple of months she decided to stalk me for like 3 damn years. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Love is just chemicals and signals in your body, but it seems to do wonderful things for people. I have certainly felt attraction but do not think i have ever felt love. It sounds like a nice thing but everybody makes it sound like a powerful emotion, i think there are stronger feelings though. This may also sound a bit simple, but to me love is just a way for my body to tell me someone is a good candidate to mate with, i mean is that not what this emotion is for? As for people talking about marriage, i do not care about it. I will get married if the partner wants it, but i agree with whoever said that people make marriage the goal in their relationship and put it on a pedestal. I do not see how it would change anything. Plus it seems to be, or at least originate from a religious ceremony and a way of acquiring something you want from another family. Like how you would want your son to marry a rich persons daughter, because when they die, your son gets everything. As this is not true anymore, i think marriage is obsolete. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 If love involves an 18 pack of Heineken, some Magnums, and classic Viking romance, I'll give an emphatic yes. Now.. when believing in love, is one also condemning themselves to believing in foreplay? Wait, the demographic is 12-15? Well, ****. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
