http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159497-Super-Powered/page8
[OOC] Super-Powered - Page 8
 Lol yeah I noticed you were kinda leading up to a zombie voodoo plot towards the beginning so I held off with Don for a while. But yeah, Don's followers are basically remote controlled zombies but with more strength and speed as they aren't rotting flesh but actual living humans. 
 They're akin to rabid minions that are ignoring physical limitations, except they can still go down like regular human beings. Remember though, these are people, they have lives! Unlike zombies.... If the beachfront Wards do get overwhelmed by supernatural forces, such as the living dead, what can you expect from the authorities there? Well, the police would be a bit impractical as most of Alpha City's special forces handle super-humans, and not hordes of former-people...the Mafia would tackle the problem head on in order to claim territory they've had their eyes on. Also, some people are still trying to find out certain things: Sin-Shaman with the occult evil, Luminary with Rodney Gilligan, Mana with Silent Knight. Perhaps Silent Knight and Makila will see Mana as a foe rather than a friend? Misunderstandings make great drama, unless it's a romantic comedy because then they're just lame. Meanwhile, the heist just isn't going to go as planned. Expect a boss battle. Get 'em while they're hot. LOL what's up with Jo just dragging Evander around by the collar? Rude! 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
