http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159107-Yanderes-or-Tsunderes
[Anime] Yanderes or Tsunderes
 If you've watched enough anime, chances are you've run into one of these characters, Yanderes and Tsunderes. To those of you who don't know: Tsunderes are people who, on initial meeting, are cold and hateful. As you become friends or whatever, they'll become warmer (mostly romantic), but will usually relapse into treating you like straight crap. You're caught between feelings of love and feelings of hate. Sometimes I wonder if these girls are closet sadists Yanderes are people who like you, but take it to the disturbing level. They'll show themselves to be sweet and nice and everything, but as time passes, you see either their true colors, or another side of them develop. They're deeply in love, but are kind of psychotic, brutal, and just straight up crazy.  Spoiler An excellent example is Yuka from 11Eyes. Her craziness developed from her obsessive love. She wasn't like that initially. You're caught between love and Here's the scenario: If you're going to marry a girl, or boy or whatever........... a unicorn for all I care, would you rather them be a Yandere or a Tsundere.  Spoiler Personally, I'd prefer a Yandere. I can't stand Tsunderes. Either you like me or you don't. Don't say you love me, then treat me like I've killed your dog. Stop straddling the fence. That's not to say I actually want a deranged yandere lunatic, but it's better than an abusive girl who likes you on the low. It reminds me of bi-polar disorder, love you one moment, hates you the next, (quite literally moments) which is something I'd not want to be on the other side of 
 I absolutely detest Yanderes. Find nothing good about them. At least Tsunderes don't murder your family and lock you in a cage because they like you. 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 I love Yandere. Tsun's are cute and often an (albeit exaggerated) example of human profiling, showing the insecurity of people when emotions and relationships are at stake. Anime has a media has played around and pushed their conventions to the point of being stale in my opinion, but hey who can discredit Rei Kugimiya for all she did as the Tsundere Queen haha. There are comparatively far fewer Yandere, and that's because to make a good Yandere character is a hell of a lot of work. Not only is it way more challenging and dangerous to act, deliver and design, but the story itself has to be suited in many cases to the Yandere themself. If you put a Yandere in a story, you have to have groundswell, meaningful characters for them to interact with (potentially murder), you have to set up situations where there's mystery, uncertainty and fear. You need collateral. It's crazy just how much work I've seen put into single episodes just so a Yanderes full purpose and meaning as a character can reach their potent potential. Though many people immediately think of characters like Katsura from School days, Rena from Higurashii or Kaede from Shuffle, I feel like the best example I've ever seen is Yuno from Mirai Nikki. Yuno was astounding as a character. Granted the narative context and limited shonen themes of the show restrained her from achieving melodramatic heights (maybe for the best), her presence, personality and dynamism alone sowed off just how powerful and intimidating a well-performed Yandere could be. She was frightening, unpredictable, there were moments when you assumed the worst and she went beyond it with nothing but the motivation of a desperate human husk and kitchen knife in her hand. She was definitely one of my favourite characters in recent memory, and If you haven't checked out Mirai Nikki then trust me, it's worth all the corny Shonen series, Shinji-syndrome bullsh*t to see her. So yeah I like Yans better than Tsuns. I even made a T-shirt to that effect when I was a bit younger haha... I'm a dork. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 I have to admire the yandere, that total all-encompassing devotion to their object of affection, they'd go to the ends of the Earth, lose limbs and sacrifice all they have for their love (even sacrificing their love, should they feel it for the best). Yandere characters usually have heavy emotional baggage, so they can be pretty deep characters as well. I really like that rawness, that extreme domestic pride. I certainly wouldn't want a yandere in reality, but I can enjoy them in anime. In the end I kinda feel like both yandere and tsundere are one of the same, both hide their true nature and both can be violent, but a tsunderes extreme change of mood and inability to express their true feelings can really create too much tension and frustration. *I'd like to second Yuno being a wonderful yandere character! In fact, she came up in my mind when I was originally making this post. 
 Tsun tsun... I think tsunderes are adorable. If they actually develop that feat where they give you verbal uppercuts and occasional physical punches but you still see the cuteness and love they put into it and a glare of admiration in their eyes, that's the point where I go with tsundere. There's just a huge difference between hatred and compassion that is neatly tsun-packaged. 
 Tsundere all the way. Tsundere girls at least have their cute side even if they don't like to admit it. I'm not into psycho chicks, so yandere isn't for me. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Originally Posted by Game Over Tsundere girls at least have their cute side even if they don't like to admit it.. Absolutely. I love when someone points out these cute sides and they deny it but you can still see that they are actually flattered and happy about it. 
 I like em all. The only exception for me was school days.  Spoiler which ever one was the killer. That was the extreme example. Other than that they are just overly emotional 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Tsunderes are difficult, but at least they are not crazy. Need I really say more? 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I like tsunderes :3 Yanderes are difficult yes. But a few are likeable for me. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Both I guess... You never know Tsunderes real feelings for you while you know Yanderes even though it's scary crazy. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Well, usually a Tsundere is just a bit difficult, but at heart usually a good person. Manageable, and I dont really mind it. I suppose it boils down to how harsh they actually are. A Yandere is a lunatic, of which I'm not typically a big fan. 
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon http://myanimelist.net/profile/Novaire Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Yanderes are a bit nuts. So not really. Tsunderess can be amusing, but ultimately, many just irk me. 
 Both are horrible clich&#233;s. 
 Originally Posted by CraniumZ Both are horrible clich&#233;s. Tsunderes are a lot more common than Yanderes. I have only seen a few Yanderes in anime. 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 I'd go with the Tsundere for sure. She might kick my butt during the day, but she wouldn't cut my throat while I sleep. 

 I like tsunderes better, I have never been a fan of horror in general. 

 I like em both. Ecept for the extreme cases 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 What kind of yandere isn't an extreme case.... But I like tsunderes, they're damn cute. Yanderes a little too crazy for me. 

 Originally Posted by Revive What kind of yandere isn't an extreme case.... But I like tsunderes, they're damn cute. Yanderes a little too crazy for me. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Where's she from? Looks like Shaman King. 
 Yep that's anna from shaman king 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Yanderes. I'm oddly attracted to crazy girls.. lol. 
 Steam - obscenex2 League of Legends - Obscene Sardine 
 Why are you only talking about Tsundere and Yandere, give the other "dere forms" a chance too :c I personally like Kuudere the most out of all of them. But if you have to have an answer, I like Tsundere more than Yandere, mostly because I feel less attracted to the crazy ones. But I to not dislike any of them, because they all have their dere side :3 
 Yanderes there is just something about crazy girls that I love. Especially Kaede from Shuffle! 
