http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152164-New-to-Anime-Forums
 New to Anime-Forums
 Hello my friends call me TITO (if you cant tell by my name) I am a new member here. Im not new to forum sites but this has been my first time back to them in years. My love for anime started with Naruto when it first aired on toonami years ago. I then started watching bleach and death note and a little bit of Inuyasha (if I was lucky enough to catch it). After watching these three shows for some odd years I started watching some random romantic comedy school life anime and moved on to things like SAO. I came here to meet anime lovers such as myself and make some friends. 
 Hi, TITO, it's nice to meet you, Welcome to A4!! I'd love to be friends with you! (if you want) Anyway, I hope you have fun and enjoy it here! See you around. 
 
 Welcome to A4 Tito, and welcome you are indeed. Any anime fan who can branch off to new series from Jump gets big street cred with me. Said street Cred is completely worthless at most retail outlets, but I'm sure you appreciate the gesture. Anyway, have a terrific time here on A4, make lots of friends and don't be afraid to start up some of your own threads. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 You most likely will make new friends on this forum if you like Anime yourself So Welcome to A4, and stay for a while 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome. I also started with Naruto. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Thank you guys for the warm welcome I hope to see you guys around 
 Welcome to the Anime Forums fellow Toonami starter! I haven't been to it for a while, I wonder if they ever added the new Inuysaha or Naruto Shippouden episodes to their line up? I waited for so long! But now I have no cable. 
 They still have inuyasha but its the last show in the line up. As for Naruto for some reason they decided to start from the very beginning so I don't watch toonami anymore. 
