http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157964-Do-you-still-watch-read-as-much-now-as-before
[Anime] Do you still watch / read as much now as before?
 Or do you watch / read less, or even more? (Anime & Manga, whatever floats your boat). I used to watch a lot of Anime series, but I haven't seen a single series since 2007. The last episode I saw was Clannad episode two, and it had just been aired then. I still watch movies though, ever so rarely I still love Anime! and hentai *cough But I haven't had the time, and it is hard to find anything good nowadays. I used to love Ghibli. What about you guys? How is your passion this time of the century? 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 Passion? Me?? Where do I start??! I'm following six or seven current shows right now. Im also watching durarara. I watch at least a show a day, more on the weekends. I read manga a little bit a year or two ago. I'm back reading a little bit now..... Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 i rarely go outside without a manga or book to read, when im indoors its anime most the day 
 ~Credit for Avatar goes to Raffee ~ Add me if u like c:
 Anime/Manga are something I fit in around my real life. So I have pretty much been watching the same amount for years. Occasionally my wife leaves me home alone for a while and I watch a bit more during those times. 

 I watch more now then ever before 

 I watch less. I used to be able to watch a series or two a week. Now it takes me 3 to 4 weeks to finish a series. Not as much time any more. 

 Haven't watched an anime since the last season of Hajime no Ippo finished and I don't read any manga unless its Ippo lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Its a sad fact that I don't snuggle in my bed sheets and enjoy endless hours of manga or sit comfortably at my table to watch a complete anime series, like I use to. I think gaming and the amount of school work and studying required has caught up to me, punished me by not letting me enjoy one of the things that define me 
 
 Anime hasn't really changed. It's quick entertainment for me so I don't see myself stopping anytime soon. It got me through tough/crunch times in college. Good way to relax. I don't read manga very often, because chapters take awhile to get released and I don't like reading from a screen. Buying manga isn't my priority at the moment. Last manga I read was Oyasumi PunPun. 
 
 I try to do everything ... and I always have time .. I can't leave my home without my tablet ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I hardly ever watch anime or read manga anymore. 
 Not much of a manga reader. Anime-wise I'm currently watching more anime than I used to since I'm a bit new to it (a year or so). 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 I watch manga a lot more than I used to, In the Last Year, i would say I have watched more anime that I had in the previous 4 years... Mainly because I started to look for more, then I joined A4, after which I found a LOT of anime quite quickly. I am currently following 8 anime (potentionally 9 depending on how I feel when I start watching 11 eyes, maybe 10 if I like Tokyo ESP). Just this morning, I woke up around 10:30, didn't my room till 20 mins ago, due to checking A4 for a little bit they watched 6 episodes of an anime, finished that one, THen got up. A year or so ago, I would't have done that. Manga? I follow the Naruto and Fairy Tail mangas, OTher than that, I read occasionally, If they release more Highschool of the dead, I will start to read that manga, If any Btooom! is released, I'll be reading that. 
 { All Credit for this goes to Raffee }
 to be honest never read a manga in my entire life !!! the first time i got hooked on anime. a few years ago my friend introduced to bleach. and after watching the first episode i couldn't stop. i didn't sleep, ate or even go to the bathroom. after four days i was an animal!!. when i reached the anime's last aired episode i finally gave it a rest i don't watch that recklessly anymore but I'm currently watching multiple shows right now such as Psycho-Pass Extended Edition and also Azumanga Daioh an old anime that my country's national tv used to show the dubbed version of it when i was a kid. brings back a lot of good memories 
_-_No you don't get it. You think you get it which is not the same as getting it. Get it?_-_ 
 Hmm well... when I started to like anime i was watching 3-4 episodes a day. after a while i started watching 4hours + a day LOL. But everybody told me to kick off so now i'm watching max 2 hours a day. and in the weekends i watch 4 hours a day still. 
