http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120186-A4-Gaming-Streams/page2
 A4 Gaming Streams - Page 2
 Older thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...dyagame-stream! Requests If there is a game you like me to play, review or get the community together to play, request it in this thread. I'll post a game list of mine in the near future. News May 19th, 2011 -- Saturday, May 21st @ 2:00 PM EST I'll be streaming League of Legends gameplay with A4 Members and Daeva of War Players (my team) this Saturday starting at 2:00 PM EST. (Length of time varies) -- Tuesday, May 24th @ 9:30 PM EST I'll be streaming my epic fail of attempts at trying to complete Challenge Tower #300 in Mortal Kombat. Will probably do about an hour of this and stop. If you want to participate in the League of Legends gameplay, let me know in PM, VM or IRC (I'll get to you when I can). I'll be substituting more A4 Players over Daeva of War Players, so make sure you let me know. Otherwise, I'll keep the current mix of myself, Takera, Crita, aD and who ever we pick up. May 14th, 2011  Spoiler I recently just started to stream League of Legends with some of the A4 guys and some players from my team. I'm thinking about branching out from there and doing other games too, whether they be single player or multi player. I don't have time to stream games during the weekday and I'm mostly not around on Sunday so I can only do them on Saturdays around 2:00 PM EST. -------- If people have game suggestions and games they want to play, I'm down to trying them out and putting them on stream. As of now, streams are from my perspective and I'm not shooting the sh*t like the guys are on A4Cast, but it's us playing the game and you basically watch us fail miserably or be absolutely pro. -------- Recorded streams can be found here: http://www.justin.tv/shiankiri Streams can be found at: http://www.justin.tv/shiankiri ----- Member Streams: DcRising - http://www.livestream.com/dcrgaming 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
