http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154343-Option-to-Agree-Disagree-or-Like-Dislike-posts/page3
 Option to Agree/Disagree or Like/Dislike posts. - Page 3
 If only we had some sort of feature that allowed me to agree with that awesome post without having to make this relatively pointless post of my own... 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler If only we had some sort of feature that allowed me to agree with that awesome post without having to make this relatively pointless post of my own... I only we had some sort of feature to Disagree with every post Takeshi makes without having to make this relatively pointless post of my own.... 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ I only we had some sort of feature to Disagree with every post Takeshi makes without having to make this relatively pointless post of my own.... You can have the right to disagree with me all you want. I'm not losing any sleep at night. 
 No one's losing any sleep over your crusade to try and implement things that have been tried, and failed, either. It'd be so much easier to deal with these threads if you weren't so obviously, emotionally invested. 

 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi You can have the right to disagree with me all you want. I'm not losing any sleep at night. If you stopped being so persistent and driven on your own opinion you'd maybe come over a little less butthurt. Be a little bit more open minded next time. Its like you take all the valid reasons thrown at you and put them in a dumpster continuing your parade on how A4 should look up to another forum and copy them. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I'm going to assume my post is overlooked due to being the last on the previous page so I'll repost. Flog me if you will. Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Donations need to be worth the effort of accepting. A handful of people willing to give a couple bucks one time off isn't going to offset the hosting costs or be worth Shian's time in dealing with. Donating to ANYTHING online couldn't be easier. while I completely agree with Shian's assessment that the site cannot be funded entirely with donations, I'm hard pressed to believe setting up a donation system to offset costs when available(however few and far between) is complicated/hard/or distracting. Originally Posted by Shian Kiri @Takeshi So, as the admin speaking to you guys now, candidly, how does an Option to Agree, Disagree, Like or Dislike a post add to A4, in any respect? Personally to me, I don't see it and the reason why I don't see it is because if you do have an opinion and you do agree or disagree, I would see that in responses and in discussion value. Both of which, I hardly see anyways. So why does a button have such a significant value to you? Is it to say that you read a post and liked it. Or is it to say that you read a post and hated it? Are you afraid of responding to a post? It allows users to feel like they've contributed, or are visible on the forum even when they don't have a page and a half essay to submit. It updates the forum to follow any number of other social networking features/conventions many of the new generation are used to/expect. I get that it takes time, I get that you're all about personality, but I can't follow the "doesn't add value to the board" logic... I do enjoy when staff like Gamma come out of the woodwork to tell us how bad the community is. I'm sorry the staff have been around long enough to see changes in the community, but you can either roll with them, or pine for some bygone "golden era" whilst telling your members to get ****ed. Sure there's been plenty of shitty posts, poorly constructed topics, etc. but there's also been a lot of great posts, and some fun community events. It'll never be like it was, but you can at the very least stop shitting on everyone, pretending that anyone is actually out to actively damage the board or target new members. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Hahaha, anyone else think Takera and Takashi were the same person? I thought someone had spiked taks drink with Brys meds. Again. I'm getting old. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean No one's losing any sleep over your crusade to try and implement things that have been tried, and failed, either. It'd be so much easier to deal with these threads if you weren't so obviously, emotionally invested. No one asked you to, now did they? God forbid someone makes your moderating job a little challenging, we wouldn't want that now would we? Originally Posted by Takera_ If you stopped being so persistent and driven on your own opinion you'd maybe come over a little less butthurt. Be a little bit more open minded next time. Its like you take all the valid reasons thrown at you and put them in a dumpster continuing your parade on how A4 should look up to another forum and copy them. I don't care about what opinions you have of me, you're indeed entitled to your own but, it seems like all you're doing is assuming. Also, I'll try to be a little bit more open minded when the lot of you get your heads out of your asses but it doesn't seem like that is going to happen anytime soon. You gentlemen have a good day though. 
 Ah, the Newer Members Should be concentrated upon more so at this point in time Towards overall activity here and retaining them as Longstanding more active members potentially first before bringing in a Like or Dislike button. ya just imo So far from what I've seen. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi No one asked you to, now did they? God forbid someone makes your moderating job a little challenging, we wouldn't want that now would we? I don't care about what opinions you have of me, you're indeed entitled to your own but, it seems like all you're doing is assuming. Also, I'll try to be a little bit more open minded when the lot of you get your heads out of your asses but it doesn't seem like that is going to happen anytime soon. You gentlemen have a good day though. That's funny because the only person that has their head stuck up their ass is you. Not only do you keep repeating your post on every suggestion thread, you also completely disregard other people's opinion. Trust me mate no one is going to listen to what you want, neither will yo momma(which you have probably already experienced before), if you wont listen to what people have to say. You are just completely disregarding everything other people say. AS USUAL. I'm honestly tired of trying to get something through your brain as it seems partly nonfunctional. It would but funny if I was talking crap out of my ass but the sad part is that I'm not. You really do repeat everything you say. Like my gosh! people don't get it the first time and you have to repeat it! am I right Takeshi?! "'Ive felt that way for awhile now. Finally someone speaks up and tells the truth, lord knows the people of A4 need to hear it. This community is so stuck in their ways, thus leaving it open for little to no improvements at all. Every idea automatically gets shunned. Since I've been here, I haven't seen anyone's suggestions get implemented. A thread for a suggestion could get good feedback, the idea can sound great but, it would never get implemented." "It just seems like there is way too many excuses being thrown around as to why things can't be done. Truth is, if you really wanted something done it would get done. You can show as much initiative as you want but if people don't get their heads out of their a** then things are never going to be done. " And then there is this. "You can have the right to disagree with me all you want. I'm not losing any sleep at night." "I'll try to be a little bit more open minded when the lot of you get your heads out of your asses but it doesn't seem like that is going to happen anytime soon." Like really, its like no one has ever disagreed with you ever before, you are throwing a gigantic tantrum. You should really read your posts more often, this is all from one thread. You've done this before in other threads. Hence why people don't even read your posts anymore. since you don't read theirs either. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 So how about that agree/disagree/rep system, eh guys? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Takera_ That's funny because the only person that has their head stuck up their ass is you. Not only do you keep repeating your post on every suggestion thread, you also completely disregard other people's opinion. Trust me mate no one is going to listen to what you want, neither will yo momma(which you have probably already experienced before), if you wont listen to what people have to say. You are just completely disregarding everything other people say. AS USUAL. I'm honestly tired of trying to get something through your brain as it seems partly nonfunctional. It would but funny if I was talking crap out of my ass but the sad part is that I'm not. You really do repeat everything you say. Like my gosh! people don't get it the first time and you have to repeat it! am I right Takeshi?! "'Ive felt that way for awhile now. Finally someone speaks up and tells the truth, lord knows the people of A4 need to hear it. This community is so stuck in their ways, thus leaving it open for little to no improvements at all. Every idea automatically gets shunned. Since I've been here, I haven't seen anyone's suggestions get implemented. A thread for a suggestion could get good feedback, the idea can sound great but, it would never get implemented." "It just seems like there is way too many excuses being thrown around as to why things can't be done. Truth is, if you really wanted something done it would get done. You can show as much initiative as you want but if people don't get their heads out of their a** then things are never going to be done. " And then there is this. "You can have the right to disagree with me all you want. I'm not losing any sleep at night." "I'll try to be a little bit more open minded when the lot of you get your heads out of your asses but it doesn't seem like that is going to happen anytime soon." Like really, its like no one has ever disagreed with you ever before, you are throwing a gigantic tantrum. You should really read your posts more often, this is all from one thread. You've done this before in other threads. Hence why people don't even read your posts anymore. since you don't read theirs either. Link us 5 different suggestion threads where I've repeated what I said here . . . Don't worry I'll wait. Once again no one is throwing a tantrum, that just goes back to you assuming as most of you on here already do. I've been disagreed with plenty of times before and I have no problem admitting when I'm the one at fault but, when someone calls you guys out on your bullshit you're quick to take offense to it. As you're doing right now, and I find it funny because all I did was quote something KT wrote. If you honestly didn't care about what I had to say you wouldn't have even bothered to reply, but you did and then you get angry when I reply with my opinion, go figure. It's also funny how you say I don't read or listen to what people have to say when I actually do, you've literally been so damn one sided this whole entire discussion but you tell me I don't listen to others? Obviously I have to repeat what I say because it's a hassle to get something through to you all, and at this point you still haven't gotten it. But this charade will go on as long as you want it to. You could easily just stop replying since my posts are so meaningless, correct? 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Link us 5 different suggestion threads where I've repeated what I said here . . . Don't worry I'll wait. Once again no one is throwing a tantrum, that just goes back to you assuming as most of you on here already do. I've been disagreed with plenty of times before and I have no problem admitting when I'm the one at fault but, when someone calls you guys out on your bullshit you're quick to take offense to it. As you're doing right now, and I find it funny because all I did was quote something KT wrote. If you honestly didn't care about what I had to say you wouldn't have even bothered to reply, but you did and then you get angry when I reply with my opinion, go figure. It's also funny how you say I don't read or listen to what people have to say when I actually do, you've literally been so damn one sided this whole entire discussion but you tell me I don't listen to others? Obviously I have to repeat what I say because it's a hassle to get something through to you all, and at this point you still haven't gotten it. But this charade will go on as long as you want it to. You could easily just stop replying since my posts are so meaningless, correct? I apologize if I come off as rather rude I get a good laugh out of your posts more than anything! I am not going to search different threads when I have already proven my point by quoting 3 selections from multiple posts of yours, in this thread ONLY. "Once again no one is throwing a tantrum, that just goes back to you assuming as most of you on here already do." Oh, you are not? I'm sorry but there is a lot of butt-hurt coming out of your post. Too much to even point out. For One I'll quote this selection to prove my point. "No one asked you to, now did they? God forbid someone makes your moderating job a little challenging, we wouldn't want that now would we? I don't care about what opinions you have of me, you're indeed entitled to your own but, it seems like all you're doing is assuming. Also, I'll try to be a little bit more open minded when the lot of you get your heads out of your asses but it doesn't seem like that is going to happen anytime soon." A super offensive post, towards the moderators and generally everyone who disagreed with you during this thread. From this point on I assumed you were super mad. "I've been disagreed with plenty of times before and I have no problem admitting when I'm the one at fault but, when someone calls you guys out on your bullshit you're quick to take offense to it" So basically everytime someone disagreed on you started throwing a tantrum? I find it REALLY hard to believe that you have admit being wrong on something, when you couldn't even do such thing in this thread. with enough posts in general, from moderators and even from one admin. Like Ian said, you just keep continuing your little parade on your own warped views. "No one's losing any sleep over your crusade to try and implement things that have been tried, and failed, either. It'd be so much easier to deal with these threads if you weren't so obviously, emotionally invested." And Apparently I'm not the only one who took offense and rage coming from your post. "If you honestly didn't care about what I had to say you wouldn't have even bothered to reply," I am actually one of the few left that is trying to get a point through your head. But I guess I'll leave it at that since you don't seem to understand. Just because I don't care doesn't mean I wont read your posts =) "It's also funny how you say I don't read or listen to what people have to say when I actually do, you've literally been so damn one sided this whole entire discussion but you tell me I don't listen to others?" Because it seems you don't! you don't reply to the points that have been given you, completely ignore them. and continue the discussion warped on your own views! I'm not one-sided at all! I didn't disagree with your premium user option, just gave you criticism on parts that I didn't like =). You need to get some fresh air. I don't jump on someone's bandwagon for no reason at all. I've been here giving valid points to you as to why things can't pass. You should completely re-read this thread. "Obviously I have to repeat what I say because it's a hassle to get something through to you all, and at this point you still haven't gotten it. But this charade will go on as long as you want it to. You could easily just stop replying since my posts are so meaningless, correct?" I'm replying to your post because I find that you are completely derailing a thread. thus showing my own opinion. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Gamma You know what will turn this forum around? For the users to make good posts, make good topics, stop treating the newbs like virus-carriers and get back to being supportive of the community. No new feature, tweak, gimmick or payment option is going to change the fact that somewhere along the way we decided we were the old forum for Encyclopedia Dramatica. We can't do everything for the lulz folks. If you want to be a part of a community like that, check out well, any other forum but this one. +1 This has clearly turned into yet another butthurt "Takeshi knows better than the staff" thread. Yes, yet AGAIN! Well... he thinks he does! Locked til further notice... or... just locked. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 OH and I am just going to add something to this thread now that I have had time to think about it. A4 has NOT changed for the worse over it's past 11.5 years of existence. Membership has always gone up and down but ultimately been the same, but the fictional "golden era" never existed. A4 is what the users make it. It has always been that small to mid-sized forum where everyone knows everyone, or at least everyone who posts in the same sections as they do. Perhaps people come here because they like how personal it is. I know it was part of the reason I stayed on A4. People here are generally nice and I had made a lot of friends. Many of who have moved on, but still pop in now and again. Old members leave, and a new generation replaces them. In some ways, things have improved in that there is no longer mass public lynchings of newbies by people who think they've been here longer and deserve special treatment. The staff has stamped out that behaviour and A4 has become a much more new member friendly site, which I for one am happy to see. Sure, we could use more member involvement to make the place more exciting. More topics etc. I see nothing wrong with starting a new thread on a topic that may have been discussed years ago. Fresh perspectives and all that. I encourage people to make new threads even if it's been discussed long ago. (Provided not in the past 6 months) To say that new features have never been added to A4 since Takeshi joined is an out and out lie. If you compare 2012 A4 to 2013 A4, there are some vast differences to the layout and how we have pushed to promote the anime sections of the forum, especially currently airing shows as shown by the picture links at the top of the forum. To expect one volunteer programmer to implement changes every week or whatever is unrealistic. Things have been tried out, proved redundant. This forum has been around a LOT longer than most forums that were around at the same time. Most of those are now gone. The admins must be doing something right if we are still here. Someone who joined a year ago, doesn't really have the right to throw what appear like accusations at A4's administration. Sure, everyone can make suggestions and has the right to make suggestions, but suggestions they are. A suggestion is not always going to get implemented. Fighting and *****ing with the staff is not the way to see things happen. If a member came up with an awesome suggestion that would get people posting more, that hasn't been tried before, then admins would be all over it. So far it's just re-suggestions of things that have been done and made no difference to the site in terms of content. People wanted the chatbox back and they got it. They wanted bigger avatars, they got them...but this blaming thing has got to stop. A4 was here before some of you, and I am sure it'll be here after many have moved on. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
