http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152104-Forgotten-How-To-Make-Friends
 Forgotten How To Make Friends.
 Recently I've noticed that I have maybe two friends left if that. People say they want to hang out and then never come over with the same lame excuses. I understand they have lives but, why lie and say you're going to come see me if you aren't? It's hard for adults to make new friends. Being 25 I can't just join a school club or go to the mall etc. I think I've just forgotten how to be welcoming to people because, I'm so bitter. A lot of it has to do with the fact no one likes my boyfriend but, that doesn't mean that I should get thrown under the bus too right? Not to mention I used to have tons of friend and then became really poor. Once I stopped offering to buy a bottle or make dinner no one wanted to hang out. So, I'm not really depressed as much as I'm driving myself crazy because, the only person I have to talk to is my boyfriend. I hang out with my dad and his gf weekly but, the most we have in common is board games. I mean at least he cares about me I guess. I don't want this to sound like a rant but, I literally used to be the center of attention among 10 friends in a room and now there's no one. Does anyone else know this feeling? I just want to be able to connect with new people with a fresh start. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Yes. I know what you mean, completely. In high school and a small group of friends who I used to see daily then all of sudden they.. vanished. Now that I'm 21 years old and out of high school.. I find it extremely hard to make friends. I also have social anxiety so it's really hard for me to make friends. I have people who I talk to from time to time but no one that I actually can call a friend. But I'm not the type of person who needs 10 or so friends, that would be way too much for me to handle. One or two friends would make me happy. 
 Do you have a job? If yes, try taking an interest in your co-workers, make friends with them etc. If you don't have a job, perhaps try looking for one, then refer to the first point. I've never really had this problem. I have a few friends, but I'm a notorious introvert so I'm happy enough with having no human contact for days on end. In fact sometimes that'd be a blessing, heh. 
 I know both feelings of being the center of attention, and having none. All you really need right now, as far as making friends, is to put yourself out there with new people. And you definitely can still go and hang out at the mall and such places, don't be so worried. And good luck with all the other stuff in your life, just make sure you're happy with what directions you're choosing to go in. :] Edit: Damn, I dunno why but I wanted to reply to this thread quickly! I got ninja'd by two, count 'em TWO introvert girls who are both pretty cool. ._. Haha. @Kuro: I'm an 'intro at heart, prefer to be alone and/or quiet sometimes too, but working on being boldly social/expressing yourself in public, cutting down on the fear of it by doing it anyhow, is a really good thing for anyone. 
 Those friends who stopped hanging out with you because you no longer offer to buy them drinks or cook them dinner are not real friends. I honestly think you're better off without them. Yeah, making friends can be difficult especially when you're no longer in school or college. But maybe you can try meeting new people in your workplace. What about your neighbors? Or maybe your other relatives? There are many people whom you can be friends with; they don't have to be your schoolmates And I agree with Mihstah, you can still go hang out at the mall! You're never too old for that. You may be able to find new friends there. 

 @ Reflections : My boyfriend has social anxiety so I know how tough that can be. I need a lot of attention more than one person can give it's just how I like things I've always been around 2 or more people. Lived with 4+ people etc. So it's hard to be alone when my boyfriend is out with no one else home. @ Kuroki : Right now I don't have a job but, I do have money enough for rent at least. I plan on either looking for one or going to college hopefully one or the other will help me with making new friends but, the age thing again. I can't stand drama from younger people though, older people have it too. @ Mihstah : I already took a step forward on my own by erasing anyone that decided I wasn't worth their time I'm ready for a fresh start and if anyone doesn't want to be there, so be it. The thing is I want to make new friends. Ones that actually understand me and have similar hobbies is all. Which is hard in this small city to begin with. Thank you all for your kind words. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 @ Raffee : Couldn't have said it better myself. I just don't want to believe they were using me. The mall thing I mean making friends there lol. All the kids hang at our mall it's creepy for some guy 10 years older to walk up to a kid "hey wanna be friends". Jail that would get me in jail for sure. There are options yes but, my feet don't seem to know where to go anymore is the point. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Originally Posted by The King of Horror @ Reflections : My boyfriend has social anxiety so I know how tough that can be. I need a lot of attention more than one person can give it's just how I like things I've always been around 2 or more people. Lived with 4+ people etc. So it's hard to be alone when my boyfriend is out with no one else home. @ Kuroki : Right now I don't have a job but, I do have money enough for rent at least. I plan on either looking for one or going to college hopefully one or the other will help me with making new friends but, the age thing again. I can't stand drama from younger people though, older people have it too. @ Mihstah : I already took a step forward on my own by erasing anyone that decided I wasn't worth their time I'm ready for a fresh start and if anyone doesn't want to be there, so be it. The thing is I want to make new friends. Ones that actually understand me and have similar hobbies is all. Which is hard in this small city to begin with. Thank you all for your kind words. No problem, sweetie. *smiles* Good luck and I hope you make some friends soon! <3 
 Originally Posted by The King of Horror All the kids hang at our mall it's creepy for some guy 10 years older to walk up to a kid "hey wanna be friends". Jail that would get me in jail for sure. . Man, I'm sorry, I know I'm not supposed to but that made me laugh really hard in real life hahaha. I wish you luck in your life! And if you ever need someone to chat with, I'm always here, ready to talk since I'm glued to my laptop nearly 24/7. We've chatted before so feel free to leave random things on my profile if you feel like it hahaha. *handsome anime pose* 

 Originally Posted by Raffee Man, I'm sorry, I know I'm not supposed to but that made me laugh really hard in real life hahaha. I wish you luck in your life! And if you ever need someone to chat with, I'm always here, ready to talk since I'm glued to my laptop nearly 24/7. We've chatted before so feel free to leave random things on my profile if you feel like it hahaha. *handsome anime pose* It was meant to be funny so that's fine haha. Thanks, I will I'm always up to making friends with new people. It's just easier online I guess. Anime is such an odd subject in this city. It would be easier if I could meet another fan (that isn't crazy) @ Reflections : You're too sweet thank you and all the best. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Finding people with similar hobbies isn't that hard. It may seem like it though. In a city, even a small one, the best place to find a list of things happening in the community is to go to citizen's information or the public library. There are often so many things that you won't even know exist and you never know what you'll find. It's healthy to have separate hobbies from your boyfriend and somewhere that you can go once a week to hang out and make new friends. I've said it to other people in similar situations, but that's how I got to know people when I moved house. I went and joined a local musical theatre group, purely for the hell of it, and met so many new people and through that have had other doors open for me with work and whatnot. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple Finding people with similar hobbies isn't that hard. It may seem like it though. In a city, even a small one, the best place to find a list of things happening in the community is to go to citizen's information or the public library. There are often so many things that you won't even know exist and you never know what you'll find. It's healthy to have separate hobbies from your boyfriend and somewhere that you can go once a week to hang out and make new friends. I've said it to other people in similar situations, but that's how I got to know people when I moved house. I went and joined a local musical theatre group, purely for the hell of it, and met so many new people and through that have had other doors open for me with work and whatnot. My small city usually caters to younger kids at the Library but, that's worth a shot. I could also look at the listing on the website. Yes I know but, we're not like a lot of people we like being together a lot but, yes I need to get away from him lol. We snapped on each other recently and it wasn't pretty. You can't expect on person to take everything in (emotions, problems, needs). 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 I understand how everyone feels on this thread. it is hard making friends, especially the older you get. I took time off from college a while ago and now im still here but most of my friends have moved on in life or moved on from me because I spend so much time alone. im older than everyone here except my one roommate who I am growing away from. the easiest way to meet other people, is through other people because most people already have friends and don't need more so you need an in with them for them to show you the time of day. another problem is that people who I relate to are introverts like myself and have terrible people skills so it is hard to get close to them. being a dude, I feel like I cant just ask another dude to hang out or go get a drink, its awkward. Once im done with school I plan to get a job where I can meet people and join some groups/ clubs in the community so I can meet people with the same interests. 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 You do not make friends. They just happen. It seems more difficult now that you are older is because grown-ups are always busy with work, money, or college/uni. In high school and below, things were more care free and less demanding, so making friends and finding time to hang out was easier. Your best bet will just have to be hobby centers or other places with crowds that share your hobbies. Try an anime convention. Next thing to do would be to find something of interest and just jump into conversation. Naturally, it will not always work, but you will just have to keep trying until someone clicks. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I literally see like 5 people outside the internet. I personally enjoy the small knit group i have irl, but i spend most of my time with my e-peeps. I'm perfectly happy and content, so maybe you should make so friends online though gaming or hobbies to get your feet wet, then "graduate" to meeting people out in your community. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Yeah honestly, the friends you have are going to mostly be dictated by what you spend your time doing. If you want more friends that you hang out with in real life, find some activities you enjoy doing offline that will get you involved with more people. Do you bowl? Maybe hitup the local alley when they're forming teams for fun league. Do you like any team sports? Maybe hitup your local YMCA or parks and rec center, and see if there's any adult leagues you can apply for. Do you enjoy cooking? Try craigslist or your newspapers regional section for cooking classes offered locally. There might be some film appreciation clubs or book clubs at your local library if that seems interesting. If you like any professional sports and drinking, your local sports bars or pubs might be an option. Hell, you could look into local charity and volunteer organizations as well. I've met some great people doing volunteer work. Or if you're politically motivated, helping out with a local or state election campaign can be a good way to meet new people. I mean really, it's all a matter of trying new things and meeting new people with the same interests in those things. 

 I'm not going to sit here and say I know what it's like to be socially awkward or unwelcoming because I don't. Even so, I can tell you it's very easy to meet new people. As simple as... Saying hi. That's all, just say hi to people when you're at a store or some place you love because of your interests. 9/10 the people at that place are there for the same reason you are. Say hi people, it's not hard. 
 I've felt that way, but I've found it's much easier to just let go and try to become friends with new people. I had to learn that when I decided to move away from my hometown... not that it was a difficult decision to leave my small group of friends. When it became apparent to me they didn't want me any longer in their lives, I just accepted the fact and went forward on my own. Now I've met plenty of friends. I'm still a bit lonely, and afraid of being abandoned one day again like I've been in the past, but I feel different with the friends I have now. I take time to develop friendships. With my friends, if someone is their friend, I automatically treat their friends as a friend of mine because that's just kind of the golden rule. It doesn't matter to me if they're shy, don't talk, etc. I'll still treat them as a friend because that's just how I am. When I was completely alone, I was very depressed. But just when I felt I'd hit my lowest point, I met a girl who changed me and who openly admitted within the first minute of meeting that she wanted my contact info and to get to know me better. To this day, it's been the single most important encounter with a person I've ever made. haha And it started with me simply going up to her with all the courage I had left and complimenting her umbrella. An umbrella. And still, she wanted to be my friend. And gradually, I became friends with her and her friends and everyone else associated with them. I've truly never felt more accepted by people, and just by saying little things, I've found making friends to be the easiest thing ever (a process that takes time, but in the end it's so worth it so I can tell these people I love them lol). 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 It's kind of hard to reply to everyone now but, I'm noticing that different types of people have different methods and beliefs on how friendship works. I'm not a stand off person I'm (Well used to be) very friendly and open but, I'm just afraid for one that I'll become invested in new people and they'll disappear again. I have separation problems. It's not so much that I don't know how or where to go as much as I feel lost where I am I guess? Thank you for all the nice suggestions. Ian, there isn't much to do here activity wise honestly (I hate sports and have problems with drinking too much ) Checked the library I do like to read there's something called a brown bag book club and other than that it's kids stuff and older people stuff (Crocheting etc. ) I was wondering though if I could maybe start a group at the library and if it costs anything. Say, an anime group maybe. And I hope to be going to college soon if I can suck it up and take the placement test. As for online friends I have plenty but, I need psychical interaction. I've never been without people for more than a day. I guess you kind of have to get used to that though. You can't live with friends forever and not everyone can hang out daily etc. After I quit smoking cigarettes I noticed my emotions are going all wacky. I don't know if it's just that or if it's the fact I'm talking to myself in my head too often but, I feel like I'm going bananas. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Originally Posted by The King of Horror It's kind of hard to reply to everyone now but, I'm noticing that different types of people have different methods and beliefs on how friendship works. I'm not a stand off person I'm (Well used to be) very friendly and open but, I'm just afraid for one that I'll become invested in new people and they'll disappear again. I have separation problems. It's not so much that I don't know how or where to go as much as I feel lost where I am I guess? There is no such thing as a party that does not end. People will inevitably come and go in your life whether you like it or not. You must either learn to let people go when they do leave or avoid building friendship entirely. That does not mean you have to forget people entirely. You may still cherish the learning experience, but you will only set yourself up to suffer if you want to never let go. It is that simple. You can always make new friends when the old step out of your life. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Flemmes Felares There is no such thing as a party that does not end. People will inevitably come and go in your life whether you like it or not. You must either learn to let people go when they do leave or avoid building friendship entirely. That does not mean you have to forget people entirely. You may still cherish the learning experience, but you will only set yourself up to suffer if you want to never let go. It is that simple. You can always make new friends when the old step out of your life. True enough it's just hard for me because, I believe that there's good in everyone so I kinda of cling to people more so if they need help or have a problem. I just like to help people and can't accept the fact that I can't. You make a great point though. It's not like if people leave more won't come. We made friends with our neighbor out front but, it's getting cold so she won't come out (She's on oxygen) but, still I feel my boyfriend connects with her more. Though it's nice to have a conversation with someone so hilarious. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 How I make friends.... I don't.... XP Usually what happens is I meet people through my friends or my job attracts them(for the most part).... I personally don't have time for hanging out because I juggle three jobs.... And the people I keep in contact are my coworkers or people I work around.... Best advice, places you attend to the most, strike up conversations with the "cool" employees.... After a few conversations later, see if they wanna hang.... It's not only how I became awesome with some of the employees at different places but it's how I got my third job.... XP 
Balance.... I'm losing it.....The ground beneath does not exist.... If this isn't nice, then I don't know what is....  Spoiler  Spoiler "The whole story has it that as we go through life, we really don't change.... We just become more of the same.... You look around you as the years go by and it seems a very valid premise.... People don't change.... As a matter of fact most of us resist change very strongly.... Yet change is a sure thing.... The only variable rate.... Slowly read as evolution and fast as revolution...." 
 I'll be your friend. But seriously, apart from the stuff mentioned already, consider voluntary work around your community. Could be anything and you can find postings from the library (mine also runs book clubs, writing workshops etc that are free, you just sign up a week before event), YMCA, Charity Orgs ETC. Great way to meet interesting people from various age ranges. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Difficulty making friends? You're not alone in that department. I was like that once: couldn't truly trust anyone, put walls around myself so nobody could get close to me, all because I was afraid of getting betrayed again. However, my roommate was eventually (it took quite a while) able to help me out of my shell so that I could be myself. Now, I'm free-spirited, eccentric, humorous, and I hope to help others any way I can. Tell you what: add me to your friends list and message me about anything (I won't judge no matter what it is). Just practice a bit with me, ask me for advice, anything that would help you with your social skills. Hope it helps! 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I found that going into adulthood, the friends pool thinned, then continued to thin as the years went on. Part of it is people move on, you move on, and it also depends heavily on how much you require that level of social interaction. For one, if no ones likes your BF, you're gonna have a hard time. Period. It can be difficult to maintain a good friendship when a partner is disliked, let alone creating new relationships. As to how to make friends? What things do you like that you can do in social settings? As adults, I think it's important to have friends who share a little bit more than just common interests. You also might have to work on friendships without the BF. It can be difficult to find good friends for yourself, let alone one compatible with your current relationship. Define small city. 
