http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155781-What-manga-do-you-like-more-than-the-anime-adaptation
[Manga] What manga do you like more than the anime adaptation?
 Sometimes, but not often, the manga is quite different from the anime that is based off it. Are there any cases where you like the manga a lot more than the anime? Personally, I adored the Rosario+Vampire II manga. It was definitely a romance, but I actually enjoyed all the female characters, the story was surprisingly action-packed and the fight scenes were magnificent. The anime...was lame. Totally just a standard romance/ecchi pandering material that barely followed the manga. 
 Only about 90% of the time do I prefer the manga...lol You can feel the mangaka's intentions through his art and the way he personally moves the characters. That probably sounds cliche, but it's my point of view. Rare cases of anime being better than manga for-sure to me would be Chihayafuru and possibly Attack on Titan. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 All of them. Of the recent anime I've been watching, magi really stands out as being a lot better in the manga than anime. The anime screws up a major plot point and as one of our mods keeps mentioning 'a good story makes rules, then sticks to them.' 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Anime tends to drag out its ass more often that not because they give the mangaka time to write his story much further than the anime. In the case with One piece it has gotten so bad that it can get super slow in the anime where one chapter is like like one episode. As far as complete mangas like Monster or FMA it's a much different case and they can pretty much stick to a close adaptations from panel to screen, but even monster dragged on too much. 
 This is kinda off topic, but I literally have only read one maybe two manga and that isn't even the full thing. It's hard for me to get into reading manga over the internet. If I had physical copies I feel like I would get really into it, but I have no money whatsoever and all the local libraries in my area have little to no manga. Back on topic for the few that I have read, yeah I guess I like them more than the anime. The only down side is not having the voice actors or the soundtracks. Specifically speaking I would say Kenichi the Mightiest Disciple was the one I really got into for a while. I watched the full anime and loved it and then continued with the manga afterwards and enjoyed it so much more that way. 
 I've only had this experience twice (mainly because I don't read too much manga). It was first with Bleach, the anime isn't the worst, but I did enjoy the manga much more. Another was Pupa, I've been reading the manga and absolutely LOVE IT. It's just so great however the anime adaption is ever so painfully cancerous. 
 read only a few mangas. Mostly of unfinished anime shows like Berserk and Slamdunk. I also read some Shingeki no Kyojin and Kuroko no basuke cause i couldn't wait for anime sequels. There are almost nowhere to buy where i'm from, and to order all those over the net...well, i'll just those things cost alot considering are standard of life here. And reading manga's on a screen, it's like watching slowdown anime with no sound and color So i'll stick with anime for now 
 DL the scans and read them using a free manga viewer such as comic rack or CD display. Hell, even microsofts image viewer is miles better than the sites. Anyway, my list would be smaller if question was otherway round but I often find whatever came out first is better. Very very few exceptions. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 I finished reading Elfen Lied and literally loved every cell but could not figure out how they could make all the really horrible parts in the anime so I watched it and just couldn't handle the disgusting stuff. Not because the anime was bad, just that it was soul wrenchingly horrible. I couldn't believe it when they made berserk into an anime, so I haven't watched that despite my love for the manga... 

