http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154343-Option-to-Agree-Disagree-or-Like-Dislike-posts
 Option to Agree/Disagree or Like/Dislike posts.
 Not sure about anyone else, but I wouldn't mind a like/dislike for posts. Saves me (and I suspect others) from wanting to respond excessively. 
 Originally Posted by Regnent Not sure about anyone else, but I wouldn't mind a like/dislike for posts. Saves me (and I suspect others) from wanting to respond excessively. Good point. But, I think a "1+" button would be the most positive for the site due to the ground it would cover, however, without a stat to track the 1+s, what's the point? And if there's a stat, [some] people will turn into buttmunchers and put on a fake little perfect act to get +s, not realizing people being raw is what we all really love/admire.. but anyway, I dunno. I know we've talked about this kind of thing before, and even tried it, don't have it anymore so it seems it may not be for A4. 
 A4 Did have a Reputation future in the past and it got removed by Shian because of people abusing it. Don't see anything like this coming back anytime soon. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 It was proven in the past that kids couldnt handle that kind of responsibility. Probably a system were not trying again. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 I don't see that being used constructively. Didn't even have to see the previous one to tell you that. Also, I don't think we would really need it. Considering that we can currently use the multi quote button to quote several responses. Of course though, usually elaborating on why you agree/disagree with a particular response is encouraged so it would not just end up being spam posts with one liners. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Not gonna happen because people that none of us have ever met weren't able to use a similar system maturely years before any of us were here. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Guess who won that popularity contest. Go on, guess. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 You have to understand the average demographic that frequents A4. The vast majority of active posters are all high-schoolers and/or young adults. If you've spent any amount of time with either of those two groups then you know how immature, irrational and emotionally predisposed they can be. We've tried a lot of different features in the past, this being one of them, but like most long-gone features it was abused. This is why we can't have nice things, now get off my lawn! 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 While a "like" or "+1" option has proven to be ineffective in the past I actually like the idea of a simple "Agree" mechanic on the forum. I think one of two things generally happen on the forum, especially in "heavy" sections like GNAD, PLD, and CE: The discussion gets swept up with only a few people making big posts as they try to make their points and counter others. This can get unwieldy and difficult to get in on.Someone nails a point that the reader wanted to make and their replying to it would only be repeating that point. Often times when this happens people seem to back off the discussion or simply reply with "I agree" and not offer much more. The ability to simply "agree" alone could add to a thread as people begin drawing battle lines. Not only can readers show their support for arguments that they agree with but it gives the people who are doing the arguing a sign that they might be on to something if they're getting "agrees". Most importantly, something like this could help reduce spammy posts. And you can't deny that when someone +anything's something you've done it feels great (and it can feel great to +anything someone!). Edit: After thinking about it I think just having the "agree" and not the "disagree" would be best. Agrees would contribute positivity (for the most part) while disagrees would only contribute negativity. 

 There is a simple "like" system for vBulletin. However, I am with KT, if that was introduced, I'd also be recommending the exclusion of the dislike button. This forum has proven time and time again that they just can't handle having both options. It has nothing got to do with who was here in the past, but rather the forum's demographic and that hasn't changed. People grow up, some stick around, other's leave, but a new younger generation replaces them. lol. Both Grey and KT have seen it all, and so have I. (Oh Snap too, but he enjoyed all the green e-peen he got from the first system. :P) The last system was deactivated around 3 years ago, which was a simple upvote/downvote post, but we did have other systems before that. They abused them all. LOL. As funny as some of it could be at times, it was just a headache for us in general as a staff. For those reasons, I would be more in favour of a "Like" only system. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 There's a nice system implemented on the Natural Selection 2 forums: You can agree, disagree, or give it an "Awesome!" outside of replying via standard post format. When you click on any of those choices the post is updated with a little thumbnail of your avatar with a "agree/disagree/awesome" symbol. Here's an example with "agree" and "awesome": http://forums.unknownworlds.com/disc...omment_2146168 Also, totes not me. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 An upvote-only system would just result in more circle jerking than a standard +/- rep system. I fail to see the downside of a disagree/downvote option, or how such a thing could be "abused" in any meaningful way. It's the other side of the agree/upvote coin, supporting posts you like and agree with and identifying those you dislike or disagree with. How is one acceptable while the other is not? I also disagree that such an option would be contributing negativity...or is every post that disagrees with another also contributing negativity, and thus unwanted? This post that I'm making now would therefore also be unwanted. Look at me, being all toxic and **** with my dissenting opinions. :3 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Out of all the forums Ive been on, it never works, always gets taken away and de-motivates people to post out of fear of -1's 
 In reality, all men are sculptors, constantly chipping away the unwanted parts of their lives trying to create a masterpiece.
 The idea of having an Agree/Disagree system or even simply just an Agree button is nice but ask yourself what is the ultimate point of it? Even if no one can "disagree" with someone else or their post, that doesn't mean it will not share some of the same problems that we had with the Reputation system or any other similar system. The Reputation system was abused by people who would simply down vote someone because they were jealous, malicious, or simply didn't like the person but removing the ability to "punish" someone doesn't remove the idea of score-keeping which was a large problem. People will still compete and judge people based solely on how many "Agrees" someone has. Plenty of people will claim that they wont but it is human nature to evaluate someone else in relation to yourself. People will always look for some way to compare themselves to others and we have had multiple systems in the past that allowed this but have cut back to having just a post count and join date which people still use to compare themselves to other users. A4 is not Reddit or some other message board built on the idea that the most liked or popular threads remain on the front page without contribution outside of a single mouse-click. This is a forum that encourages discussion, a thread is popularized because people participate within the thread and further the discussion, not just by clicking an "Agree" button while the chaff falls to the back pages because they are not worthy of discussion. A4 has endured a lot of changes but in the end we have realized that above all else this is a forum for people with similar interests to engage each other in discussion. Applying layers of superficial systems that don't add anything to that experience, more often than not actually hinder it in direct and indirect ways. There are some of us still here that have been around for a while and we have been through many of these systems that were eventually removed because they don't reinforce the concept that A4 was created for. In hindsight, I wonder how many people would still be here today if we had chosen not to implement many of those ineffectual systems in the first place. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Regardless of the ideas merits I have to admit that I'm getting a little sick of our continued stubbornness in embracing new things. As a forum, we've changed so little over the entirety of my time here and have stagnated as a result. We're at the point now where we won't even try things anymore. Sure ideas fail but a slight change could make it work and make it fit our community better. All the hand-wringing of what could go wrong just ultimately leads to everything staying exactly the same. It's pretty boring, and it's probably a huge contributor to our inability to attract new users and keep the place fresh. 

 I might just be old, but, I'm not entirely sure how a by post (x like/x dislike) stat would turn into a popularity thing. Nothing related to profiles or posters (outside of only allowing 1 cast) Rep systems in general, yes I've seen them, and that is not what I was thinking. As to the 'positive' side of only like, or agree, I get it, but sometimes, I simply wish to voice a agreement, or disagreement with a post, and it is a real bugger sometimes to not click reply. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Regardless of the ideas merits I have to admit that I'm getting a little sick of our continued stubbornness in embracing new things. As a forum, we've changed so little over the entirety of my time here and have stagnated as a result. We're at the point now where we won't even try things anymore. Sure ideas fail but a slight change could make it work and make it fit our community better. All the hand-wringing of what could go wrong just ultimately leads to everything staying exactly the same. It's pretty boring, and it's probably a huge contributor to our inability to attract new users and keep the place fresh. I fundamentally disagree. I've seen A4 go through multiple drastic changes over the years. We have tried these changes but ultimately removed them in favor of purity of form. I can see how you feel that the forums are stagnated, I too feel the same way, but perhaps your concern is misplaced. The forums are very slow and tedious compared to what they once were and I don't think adding more frivolous systems would help improve that. Years ago, forums like A4 used to be the primary means of sharing experiences with other people but we (and many other forums) have been replaced by social-media/sites which renders us, for the most part, obsolete. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Originally Posted by Grey Years ago, forums like A4 used to be the primary means of sharing experiences with other people but we (and many other forums) have been replaced by social-media/sites which renders us, for the most part, obsolete. I have skimmed many forums, looking for one that I figured I would enjoy, and while I have a minor issue with the moderation here, I did find it to offer a more dynamic environment that kept to a simpler forum layout. While it could stand to see some more activity, there is such a thing as too much. I don't think forums have become obsolete, not by far. (Do you want people that have moved to social media here?) *edit* I think I just figured out how multi-quote works! Sweet. 
 It's about the community and content. Adding this gimmick wouldn't bring anything new to attract users. Adding this tiny feature will not do anything. The problem is also the amount of anime/manga forums on the internet and other ways to communicate. Pretty much this Years ago, forums like A4 used to be the primary means of sharing experiences with other people but we (and many other forums) have been replaced by social-media/sites which renders us, for the most part, obsolete. Again, it also depends on the forum content. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai Regardless of the ideas merits I have to admit that I'm getting a little sick of our continued stubbornness in embracing new things. As a forum, we've changed so little over the entirety of my time here and have stagnated as a result. We're at the point now where we won't even try things anymore. Sure ideas fail but a slight change could make it work and make it fit our community better. All the hand-wringing of what could go wrong just ultimately leads to everything staying exactly the same. It's pretty boring, and it's probably a huge contributor to our inability to attract new users and keep the place fresh. Indeed. But who are we kidding? This will be talked about at length and then fade away and die like virtually every other suggestion thread ever. This is one of A4's constants. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 If you're gonna implement agree or disagree then it really doesn't work as a binary system in the same way that a +/- works. Why would disagree exactly entail as a negativity? I'm not really against it as it really won't bother me but just throwing out there. I think the stagnation has more to do with the admins than anything else really lol. 
 They're right about the Disagree thing, it wouldn't be a negative, just the truth of how people feel. Who cares if someone disagrees with you anyway? Just makes things simpler to be able to hit such a button though. Also imo I think a lot of our community(our regulars) is too dull mostly, too non-vibrant, events and new features would surely help, but if we could look inward and find a remedy then things could be fixed with no need for gimmicks. Not saying this idea is a gimmick, its something we could definitely use! 
 Originally Posted by Mihstah Also imo I think a lot of our community(our regulars) is too dull mostly, too non-vibrant, events and new features would surely help, but if we could look inward and find a remedy then things could be fixed with no need for gimmicks. I disagree. I'm not an admin or a mod but I've tried to spur interest in the community by creating the http://plug.dj/a4/ room for a place that members can go and share music and enjoy a better chat-room than what the forums have to offer. The number of people in the room has slowly increased over the weeks but a large majority of the forums remain ignorant to its existence or simply choose not to go there. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Cool, everything I wrote disappeared when I tried posting it. I'll try to repeat what I said. Originally Posted by Grey I disagree. I'm not an admin or a mod but I've tried to spur interest in the community by creating the http://plug.dj/a4/ room for a place that members can go and share music and enjoy a better chat-room than what the forums have to offer. The number of people in the room has slowly increased over the weeks but a large majority of the forums remain ignorant to its existence or simply choose not to go there. Isn't that a problem, though; Having to go off-site to drum up interest in our community? Seems like a workaround to a fundamental problem with our little site, no? Just want to make clear that I'm criticizing A4 here and not your plug.dj idea. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Cool, everything I wrote disappeared when I tried posting it. I'll try to repeat what I said. Isn't that a problem, though; Having to go off-site to drum up interest in our community? Seems like a workaround to a fundamental problem with our little site, no? Just want to make clear that I'm criticizing A4 here and not your plug.dj idea. I would see it as a problem if it prevented people from engaging on the forums but if it is encouraging the community to become more active in general than I consider it a benefit. An example, from the very beginning of A4 we always had the IRC which most of us connected to through a client like mIRC instead of the provided webpage which itself was separate from the forums. Dozens of us participated in the IRC where many discussions on the forums would continue and quite often conversations from the chat would find their way onto the forums. I don't think it is the explicit purpose of the admins or mods to drum-up interest in the forums; the general members of the community should be the ones to maintain enthusiasm. The admins and mods are simply here to keep order and make sure the forums continue smoothly, without the need of a trickle-down effect. Many of the older members have neglected A4, me being one of them. I rarely ever visit the forums and even more rarely stick around for very long. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
