http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155764-Has-anime-made-you-more-mature
[Anime] Has anime made you more mature?
 I don't know if I'm just growing up, but I feel as if my mental age is above some other people's mental age. Watching more plot pointed shows have made my mind aged more than watching something like family guy. My mind could be like this if I watched American aired shows that have plots like The Walking Dead, but those shows don't really keep me entertained. I'm getting a little off topic, so I'm wondering if you guys think that anime has made you more mature. (Don't have to continue reading this is just my story) For me, being around anime has made me more comfortable about any types of fan service. I don't mind a little fan service anymore, while my friends would probably think I'm a creep. For example) ME "oh half naked girl fighting another half naked girl, I don't mind." FRIENDS "WTF IS THIS WHAT YOU WATCH!?" 

 i don't think the word "mature" is the correct definition. What anime did however was broaden my view on the terms of plot and narrative. And, in some way, helped me understand more of the human philosophy and perception of life. Anime tends to deal with things you will never see in mainstream media like movies and tv shows. And on the other hand, they often deal with really serious topics everyone talks about daily...Sure, they wrap it up in a package full of mecha's and highschool girls combined with no laws of physics whatsoever, but almost all have a deeper and more meaningfull substance than it appears on first... But try to explain that to people who have prejudice towards it. So, to give a short answer to your question, it probably has made me more "mature". But not in a way casual people would understand or give you credit for. To them, you're just getting weirder 
 There are certain Anime I've seen with some great philosophies, then there are others where after watching, I felt dumber. I think it's a matter of what you decide to keep with you that defines whether or not you've grown or shrunk in maturity. 
 http://fromtheshadowsofficial.bandcamp.com
 No, anime only takes what I already know and dramatizes it. It does not change my maturity level. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Yep, you become more mature the more foreign cartoons you watch. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Silentbeamer Watching more plot pointed shows have made my mind aged more than watching something like family guy. Could it be that you're aging to maturity naturally like most human beings? 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Of course! It also made me more Japanese. ORE NO NIPPON! 
 
 Anime isn't an exception from other entertainment mediums. You'll find this kind of satisfaction in other forms of work as well. Albeit anime has a way of portraying it's subject. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Anime is a genre of cartoons. Great cartoons at that, but still cartoons. There is nothing about cartoons (let alone other outlets of entertainment such as movies and video games) that make you more mature. They are simply there for entertainment and do just that. 
 I think its not really mature, but it widened my nature of understanding things and how i handle, look, and think of things. It also allowed me to actually started to make me smile in front of people again.... i owe anime a big one .-. It also inspired me to play piano and guitar more with the beautiful soundtracks, that's how im able to upload videos every week now .-. 
http://www.youtube.com/user/Blackdavil8 ^My Channel, I am.....Mr.Kimchi.....The Spicy Cabbage .-. Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/MrKimchisMusic
 Not mature. But heck, does it increase the feels and empathy within me 
 
 It changed some of my perspective toward some subjects but I'm not sure it made me more mature it did however teach me to speak japanese albeit some phrases 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 It hasn't made me more mature (actually I'm sure my maturity level has dropped) but it has made me more emotional. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 The one thing I'm sure about is that my family thinks the total opposite about what anime does to me...lol 
 After watching anime like Nisekoi made me think twice about buying a video game called Harvest moon. My brain kept telling me. (WOULD ONODERA PLAY A KIDS GAME LIKE HARVEST MOON?! I DON'T THINK SO!) but I finally got over myself and bought it...which reminds me I need to go check on my crops. 
Being reluctant isnt the same as being a hero... 
 Anime has kept me the child I am today. I love cartoons, always have, always will. Animation is an awesome and cheap medium. It has always kept me in touch with my inner child. 
Everything's fun for me. I see a peanut, the day's off to a good start. I witness some soil, it's a jamboree for Cain.
 Originally Posted by Cain Anime has kept me the child I am today. I love cartoons, always have, always will. Animation is an awesome and cheap medium. It has always kept me in touch with my inner child. So shows like hellsing and death note make you feel like a kid again? 0.0 
Being reluctant isnt the same as being a hero... 
 Originally Posted by Reluctant Hero So shows like hellsing and death note make you feel like a kid again? 0.0 If he's something like 60, then they should make him feel like a kid. 
 Uhm. No. While anime may have helped me form social bonds when I was younger, it also served as a barrier for other social functions. Aside from social circles, nothing notable about my maturity has changed in the 20 years I've been watching it. Still a high functioning 6 year old. 
 Originally Posted by TehZed If he's something like 60, then they should make him feel like a kid. If SHE'S something like 60. Man I loved those old shows. Especially hellsing. 
Being reluctant isnt the same as being a hero... 
 It depends on the show. Some shows are like Family Guy and have the same effect on my brain. Anime like Panty and Stocking aren't particularly thought-provoking. On the other hand, there are shows that really question things I used to take for granted: a home, food, shelter, my life. In Attack on Titan, gigantic, terrifying creatures called Titans force people to flee their homes, scrounge for food, search for shelter, and take people's lives. This has given me a more mature outlook on life. Furthermore, deconstructions can change my viewpoint to one that is more mature. Gunslinger Girl is a prominent example…and so is Madoka Magica. Madoka Magica is about show that centers around a group of magical girls. That's not exactly a topic discussed with fervor at UN meetings. It's not something that is deemed mature, nor is it considered serious. But Madoka Magica shows how even the least serious of topics can have a mature take. So yes, anime has made me more mature in my viewpoints and how I view the world. 

 I think i might be bias on this one simply because i started watching anime when i was about 10 years old. i am now 23 and 100x more addicted to anime than i was when it all began.. however i do think it can make one stop and look at themselves, and life in a different light. it can also widen your views on what type of person you want to be. Edit: In the end i think its all about what you take away from any given anime. 
Anime worthy of mention: Elfen lied, Blue Drop, Burst Angel, Bleach, (Eureka seven), Cowboy Bebop, Steins;Gate, Beyond the boundary, Magi - The Kingdom of Magic, Heroic-Age, (Neongenises Evangelion +1.11,2.22,3.33, &4.44), Gunslinger Girls, Attack on Titan, ef - a tale of melodies, Air, Five Centimeters Per Second, Noein, Simoun, Rahxephon, The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, Chrome shelled regios, Rurouni Kenshin + movies, Overman King Gainer, Gurren-lagann, Shounen Onmyouji, PlanetES, Eden of The East, Final Fantasy VII, Voices of a Distant Star, The Sky Crawlers, jyu-oh-sei, Princess Mononoke, xam'd: Lost Memories, Time of Eve, The garden of words, Log Horizon, Tokyo Ravens 
 I'm not sure if I could say it has made me more mature, I feel that I've always been more mature than people my age and some older. What it has done, is change the way I think about things and how I see things. I feel that this has changed me for the better. 
 I was never very mature to begin with so anime hasn't helped! 

 Anime has made me realize various philosophical beliefs, but that's about it. 
