http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered/page3
[IC] Super-Powered - Page 3
 TecFas (Technology and Fashion Epicenter) District Separated into five expansive wards: two are urban residential areas filled with compact apartments, one is a Central Park/Gardens region for public enjoyment, the last two sectors are purely skyscrapers and towers of various corporate and financial businesses as well as grand plazas and broad company court-yards Notable crime includes: Corporate espionage (bribery, blackmail, aggravated theft), Excessive cyber security compromises that result with financial losses or collapse of physical infrastructure, Heavy drug trafficking through online black market dealings enforced by well-equipped street gangs, frequent super-villain assaults upon property and civilians Glam (Glamour and Entertainment) District: Separated into six modestly sized wards: three of which are upper-class and massive penthouse apartment real-estate sectors that make-up a large part of "Midtown", two are seaside sectors dedicated to water-front businesses and beaches along with suburban homes, the final ward is a cultural epicenter for the entertainment and film industry (think studio lots and concrete Hollywood) along with public attractions such as museums Notable crime includes: Organized super-villain crime which has a firm hold on the business industries of the waterside wards, increasing reports of peculiar and psychotic criminals committing murders that are eerily inspired or similar to each other, increasing reports of minor public misconduct, increasing reports of large group suicides most notably among the youth, increasing reports and sightings of wild animals or alleged monsters District Rosters: TecFas Joseph (Hero)Blacklist (Neutral)Nimbus (Hero)Zero Kay (Villain) Glam Silent Knight (Hero)Fallen Angel (Neutral)Von (Hero)Luminary (Hero)Mana (Neutral)Emily (Neutral) Villains are free to commit themselves to a single district as their base of operations. Heroes and Neutrals are forced to be stuck in the district the GM assigned. No character is allowed to leave the district until the main plot for the region has been completed, where more districts shall be opened or previous districts will be unlocked for free roaming. There may possibly even be multiple main plot storylines which include traversing between districts. The GM (me) shall make the first official post for the RP below. This post will serve as the set-up for the inception of the RP's day/night cycle and current events. Thank you for your patience, the post shall be created soon. Edit: The RP has begun! Get in on the action and have some fun. Edit two: Schedule has been implemented. Story updates on Thursdays. 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 01-31-2015 at 09:46 AM. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
