http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152499-Hey-there!-Wanna-chat
 Hey there! Wanna chat?
 My name's Rednaxl! I've just joined the A4, today. The reason why I decided to join Anime-Forum is because it's been a while since I've actually been active in my love for Anime. I haven't been watching any Anime, reading any Mangas, or playing any RPGs in a while! So I thought I'd make a conscious effort by joining a place where everyone happens to enjoy the same thing, which would then encourage me to become a bit more active in this hobby. I'm currently watching the anime Shingeki no Kyojin or Attack on Titan, and I happen to be on episode 15! I hope to make some friends on here, and expand my knowledge on all things (not limited to) Anime; Japanese; Awesome. 
 Last edited by Rednaxl; 11-10-2013 at 04:52 PM. 
 Welcome to A4, don't worry you will become active in anime again if you stick around hope you have a nice stay 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome. The title sounds dirty o3o Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Arigatou, Solo-san! I've just finished watching Attack on Titan! My goodness, episode after episode, my eyes couldn't leave the screen, nor could my attention be diverted. The chills this anime sent up my spine were quite chilling! Which anime are you currently watching? I could probably give that anime a go. 
 Hahaha, thank you, Pured-san! I love your signature-picture. Quite tempting. So you've watched 73 animus!? Sugoi desu yo! Which one would you recommend for me to watch? 
 hey welcome to A4! If you decide to stay here you be forced to talk tons about anime! =P 

 Originally Posted by Rednaxl Hahaha, thank you, Pured-san! I love your signature-picture. Quite tempting. So you've watched 73 animus!? Sugoi desu yo! Which one would you recommend for me to watch? You are welcome to come in the van any time you want. My #1 anime would have to be "Monster". It is a psychological thriller. 74 episodes. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Yo Rednaxl! Welcome to A4. I haven't watched those animes you mentioned, even though they are very well-known hahaha. I should probably start watching them as soon as possible. Anyway, hope you'll have fun here! If you're bored, feel free to drop a slice of magical cake on my visitor message! 

 Originally Posted by Rednaxl Arigatou, Solo-san! I've just finished watching Attack on Titan! My goodness, episode after episode, my eyes couldn't leave the screen, nor could my attention be diverted. The chills this anime sent up my spine were quite chilling! Which anime are you currently watching? I could probably give that anime a go. Well Attack on Titan was a pretty entertaining anime to watch I would recommend Toriko mainly because you are a guy 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Strikercups hey welcome to A4! If you decide to stay here you be forced to talk tons about anime! =P Hey! Thanks for the Welcome, Strikercups-san. How're you doing?? So I'm checking out the anime Monster and Toriko, this month! I'm rather excited for them. Since Christmas season is quickly approaching, would you happen to have any "seasonal anime" recommendations for the upcoming month? 
 Originally Posted by Solo Well Attack on Titan was a pretty entertaining anime to watch I would recommend Toriko mainly because you are a guy Awesome. I'll definitely give that anime a good watch! 
 Welcome to A4! Attack on Titan is amazing! I can't wait for season 2. Have any other favorites? Enjoy the Forums. 
 Last edited by Dragnight44; 11-11-2013 at 02:34 PM. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Originally Posted by Dragnight44 Welcome to A4! Attack on Titan is amazing! I can't wait for season 2. Have any other favorites? Enjoy the Forums. I am glad that they're coming out with another season. Episode 25 of season 1 left me hanging! So many questions left unanswered, but it was enjoyable none-the-less. Another anime I'm rather fond of is Gintama! I recall leaving off on episode 106. I'll have to finish that anime up sometime soon. I'll try squeezing in at least one episode a day, if possible. Which anime would you recommend to be worth the watch, Dragnight44-san? 
 Hello Rednaxl. Welcome to A4! Hope you enjoy you're time here! =) 
 Sup Rednax. Have fun here at A4! I hate how life gets in the way of anime. That's cool that you're trying to become active again. Good luck! 

 Ha! Welome to A4, and we'll get you right back into your anime addiction. Enjoy the journey 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Hay there Rednaxl! And welcome to A4 I'm Rima Okumura nice to meet u! Hope u can hav fun here! And I'm sure u will meet a lot of new awesome friends on here! ^-^ 
 Originally Posted by Dreamyblue_Skies Hello Rednaxl. Welcome to A4! Hope you enjoy you're time here! =) Thank's for the Welcome DreamyBlue_Skies! 
 Originally Posted by Light Yagami Sup Rednax. Have fun here at A4! I hate how life gets in the way of anime. That's cool that you're trying to become active again. Good luck! Hey there, Light Yagami-san! That's definitely true, mais c'est la vie! (But such is life!) For the past few evenings, I've been watching Monster, and it's been rather enjoyable. 
 Originally Posted by runawaypanda ha! Welome to a4, and we'll get you right back into your anime addiction. Enjoy the journey i love your name!!! 
 Originally Posted by Rima Okumura Hay there Rednaxl! And welcome to A4 I'm Rima Okumura nice to meet u! Hope u can hav fun here! And I'm sure u will meet a lot of new awesome friends on here! ^-^ ^-^ I'm definitely looking forward to it! I'm really quite liking it here, and I hope to learn more from this website, but most importantly, meeting wonderful people, such as yourself, Rima Okumura-chan. 
 Originally Posted by Rednaxl I am glad that they're coming out with another season. Episode 25 of season 1 left me hanging! So many questions left unanswered, but it was enjoyable none-the-less. Another anime I'm rather fond of is Gintama! I recall leaving off on episode 106. I'll have to finish that anime up sometime soon. I'll try squeezing in at least one episode a day, if possible. Which anime would you recommend to be worth the watch, Dragnight44-san? Judging by the shows you like I would suggest Katekyo Hitman Reborn! Its an action anime. Its basically about this kid who finds out hes next in line to be the leader of the mafia (Vongola) Its pretty good. The action is thrilling. Its a silly too with a nice since of comedy. Its only in sub, and the first 20 episodes are not the best. I suggest watching through them. Its worth the wait! It gets good. There are 204 episodes. Its really good. I suggest checking it out! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Originally Posted by Rednaxl ^-^ I'm definitely looking forward to it! I'm really quite liking it here, and I hope to learn more from this website, but most importantly, meeting wonderful people, such as yourself, Rima Okumura-chan. that's good and thank u. ^^ 
 No, I do not want to chat - however, I would like to welcome you to A4. Enjoy your stay here. And please, use the multiquote button at the bottom left of the textbox to avoid double posting! 
 
