http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154749-Bravely-Default-Demo-Now-Available-on-3DS-Shop
 Bravely Default Demo Now Available on 3DS Shop
 For those who love the old school Final Fantasy games or have been looking forward to Bravely Default, the game is finally out in demo form on the 3DS Shop. This is exclusive content as in the demo itself is a side-story that is available ONLY outside Japan. The demo also has content you can unlock for the main game later. I'm not exactly sure if the items are available only in the demo or not, but they do carry over. Everything else doesn't but it's definitely worth a play if you're interested in the game. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Would try it out if I had a 3DS I suck 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I fought 3 random encounters and died, the town movement is just awkward where the camera is locked to a sidescroller view, but the background actually has depth, and JRPGs aren't my thing. Other than that: I like the social aspects of play, the town building, and the fact that the demo is different from the game with unlockable bonuses you can carry over to the main game. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Was looking at the thread title and when it was posted thinking "Wait, wha.." but then I realized it releases later in the US than EU. (Already got it here) The demo is quite a bit more boring compared to the full game though, so if you're not that big a fan of it after playing the demo (I know I wasnt) don't drop it completely. Give the full game a try sometime. Been playing it for about a week now and it's a blast. Ridiculous amount of jobs you can get, and the game as a whole is actually fairly challenging. 
 
