http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159560-Death-Parade/page2
[Mystery] Death Parade - Page 2
 I watched ep 4 last night and this series is basically episodic which disappoints me. I feel like the point of this series is to set a platform for the viewers to argue on. The decisions made by the bartender have been very debatable in eps 1 and 4. It's still a good show, I just wish it had a little more to it. 
 Spoiler Ep. 3  Spoiler Both of the masks on the elevators were white. It was surprising that they were both reincarnated. That was some pretty deep stuff. Major spoiler Ep. 4  Spoiler I felt pretty bad for the Otaku gaming guy. I didn't really catch all the dialogue because I was lost in though, but I did know that he actually loved his second mom because he hated the first. He was in doubt whether to call his second mom "mother" because she was really kind. He resigned to being depressed (couldn't say that simple thing), and what happened after was pretty sad. Struck a chord in me. I'm liking this because Decim made a really funny joke, saying "You have 5 minutes", and he's getting character development. He's  Spoiler becoming more human , and I didn't think that would happen. 
 True power is not defined by comparison but by discovery of the unexpected. Just like we all laugh at the unexpected, discovery is also every person's best motivator. That is one angle of being self-accomplished. Basically becoming stronger than yourself. P.S. It took getting banned twice to want something within. And no, I am not holier than thou. I am just as selfish as anybody in the world I'm just selfish in a different way.
 Originally Posted by MagicalKnight Masa Ep. 4  Spoiler I felt pretty bad for the Otaku gaming guy. I didn't really catch all the dialogue because I was lost in though, but I did know that he actually loved his second mom because he hated the first. Hmm. I didn't really get that from it.  Spoiler I felt it was more like the rejection from his birth mother totally crushed his self esteem and left him unable to move on with his life or form new relationships. He couldn't learn to trust his father's second wife or accept her kindness. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Gaff, I think you can tell that they both went off for  Spoiler reincarnation. Like i am sure you saw, the masks above the elevators were devoid of the Noh style mask with horns. After the credits in Episode 1, The Woman, asks Decim where the two people went. A brief shot of the masks ensues and he tells her where each one went. Basically that was your legend on the Death Parade Map. Once Decim is "downloaded" with the history/past/intention of the people, the only thing left is to pull out who they really are. So, in a way, their fate is somewhat determined. Unless during the game something comes to light that a person has a different character. (hence Decim making a "mistake" with the first couple. As for ep2, you did nail one thing that made a short OAV more interesting. Questions. One of the things that made me love the old Twilight Zone series, was being left with a lot of fill in the blank stories. Death Billiards was exactly that. Now mind you, this show would have never made it on my radar as a series if it was to become a Hell Girl revenge story of the week. And even if that show did finally link a narrative, this one is doing so from the start. I do believe it works for now. 
 
 Yeah, I realise now that  Spoiler both masks in ep3 were white - I'd missed that when I watched it originally. I'm still a little hesitant to really get behind the show overall though. I think it's been entertaining so far and I'm glad to see it's prompted so much discussion online, but I feel it could easily become repetitive if they can't get the wider world building right. Signs are certainly promising, but ep2 did not convince me as much as I hoped it might. 
 Last edited by Gaff; 02-01-2015 at 03:03 PM. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 So. Did anyone noticed the noh masks on each of the two elevators keep changing? I'd reckon they give us hint on their guests' fate/ judgement. Human mask may mean reincarnation and oni mask means void. Speculations..... I read about this at the other forum 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by jugger So. Did anyone noticed the noh masks on each of the two elevators keep changing? I'd reckon they give us hint on their guests' fate/ judgement. Human mask may mean reincarnation and oni mask means void. Speculations..... I read about this at the other forum I have been assuming that. 
("El. Psy. Congroo.")  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 I watched ep 4 last night and this series is basically episodic which disappoints me. I feel like the point of this series is to set a platform for the viewers to argue on. The decisions made by the bartender have been very debatable in eps 1 and 4. It's still a good show, I just wish it had a little more to it. That's what I think too. A bigger deeper plot would make the anime even better. But it's been just a couple of episodes maybe we should keep a little bit more hope for a deeper plot. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
