http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154553-So-Another-was-kinda-nuts
 So...Another was kinda nuts.
 I haven't fully watched the anime called "Another", but I must say it's left quite an impression. First off, the deaths in the show are surprisingly realistic in appearance....most aren't overly gory, but almost all of them get some shock value from you. The one MAJOR exception would be that one in the classroom with the knife (you know the one....that still freaks me out). Although I felt as though they never really made clear how the curse worked, or at least all of its effects. Is this the only curse of its kind? Why does it mess with people's memories? Has anyone attempted to transfer out of the class? Maybe the anime answers those questions later on (again, I haven't watched all of it...) but even so, it feels less mysterious and more irritating that the effects of the curse aren't made clear, as some of the stuff it's blamed for (or implied to be responsible for) seems a bit stupid. I've heard some people theorize the curse was apparently sentient, but if so, wouldn't it be more of a cruel ghost or demon rather than a curse? Plus, the curse is never shown to have a physical embodiment ( unless you count whoever's meant to be the dead classmate as the embodiment of the curse, which I personally don't as they change every new school year ). On top of that, it's never properly explained how the curse was created (they said a student disappeared, and then all the kids in his class acted like he never died, possibly because they saw his ghost, and that started the curse? What, did he die via a demonic sacrifice or something? Did all his classmates conspire to murder him, and thus he cursed them and future classes to suffer and die like he did? Just guesses). Could someone let me know if that's supposed to be explained in the last few episodes, or if I just blacked out at some point and didn't pick up on a ton of vital information? Please and thanks. 
 Last edited by Green_Smartie; 01-24-2014 at 09:29 PM. 
 "It matters not what we say on the Internet, but what we do in real life. Unless you do nothing in real life, in which case the Internet is all you have!" -Green_Smartie, 2013
