http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157849-Minato-Namikaze-Hero-or-Legend
 Minato Namikaze. Hero or Legend?
 A lot of people really enjoy watching Anime and reading Manga but one thing most everyone has in common is a favorite character. That favorite character has certain attributes and personality traits that you admire that makes you want to be more like them. In my case, one of my favorite characters is Minato Namikaze. The reason why he is one of my favorite characters is because he demonstrates the role of a leader. He demonstrates the traits of a man that you need to be in order to be a hero. He also demonstrates the qualities of a hero that you need to be in order to become a legend. This got me thinking; Is Minato Namikaze a hero or legend? I believe he is both which is why he is one of my favorite characters. Just seeing this characters personality inspires me to be more like him. Below I have a well-developed list of inspirational personality traits that Minato Namikaze lives by. Minato Namikaze: Personality 1. Stay calm. Stay calm in any and all situations. 2. Think about the positives in situations. 3. Always think one step ahead. Plan the next course of action before it happens. 4. Look for the mistakes in a situation in order to fix them. 5. Be fearless. Do not be afraid of anything. 6. Being incredibly determined. 7. Motivate yourself in order to surpass the ability of the others around you. 8. Always have a reason for your actions. 9. Do not do something reckless for your own gain. An example is Sasuke Uchiha. 10. Always be kind and care for the people around you. 11. Train hard in order to protect the ones around you. 12. Have an unbelievable drive that inspires others. 13. Protect the things you love. 14. Talk kindly to everyone. 15. Do not talk about someones past unless allowed to. 16. Earn respect by doing all of the above. I don't know about any of you but I believe those traits perfectly sum up Minato Namikaze. Does anyone know of any other traits of Minato Namikaze? Also, if you have a favorite character you look up to then post below with a list of there personality. This could be interesting seeing what everybody views as their favorite character. If you don't have one make one up. 
