http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?137743-Photos-of-dishes-that-you-enjoy-eating
 Photos of dishes that you enjoy eating
 Post photos of dishes that you enjoy to eat, it can be anything, a snack, a breakfast, a dessert, anything, feel free to post any other information of the dish that you want, like recepes or what do you like most on the dish. (Chicken Galeto with broccoli rice and Farofa of banana( I don´t know if it is called farofa in other languages too) (Penne with tuna) (Nescau Cereal with milk ) The best breakfast rs 
 This is Katsudon. It's pork cutlet served with rice, some egg, chives, and onions. It's wicked good, and I used to eat it at least once a week not too long ago. 
College. 
 Buffalo Steak 4 life. 
*removed* Exceeded the height and width limit of 300x550 and far exceeded the allowed filesize limit.of 100kb. http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?83911-Signature-FAQ
 Looking at it is torturing me 
 haha Radical that looks... wow (my vocab totally went out the window) I'm a sucker for oreos Ok so here it goes: Pad Thai noodles can NEVER bore me... Ill eat it all day long, for free  Spoiler Miso Soup! Theres something about the taste I cant resist. Its nothing fancy but I love that. Not to mention is highly nutritious and packed with amino acids.  Spoiler Last but definitely not least... Chicken teriyaki bento *drools* <--- enough said  Spoiler 
 Do exuse me as I hit up the Hibachi joint now. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Some of my favourites: Rice:  Spoiler Cevapi:  Spoiler Calamari/Squid:  Spoiler Meat Burek:  Spoiler Pizza (Meatlovers/Hawaiian):  Spoiler Chocolate/Cakes:  Spoiler ProtoManX's Leftovers:  Spoiler 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I have a few favorite dishes when done right. Soup: Broccoli cheese  Spoiler Salad: Caeser Salad  Spoiler Entree: Four Cheese Casserole  Spoiler Gorgonzola, Parmesan, Swiss, and Roman cheese, penne pasta, sliced ham and peas. Delicious. Entree: Lasagna  Spoiler The tomato and spinach (no meat) lasagna is also pretty good too. Desert: Red Velvet Cake  Spoiler Cream Cheese frosting. Rich and creamy when done right. 
 Last edited by Randoms; 04-28-2013 at 12:44 PM. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Pured Chocolate/Cakes:  Spoiler Oh my... *dies 
 Oatmeal with fresh berries and lots of cinnamon *dies* Yeah, I'm such a healthy eating person LOL 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 Cheese Cake!  Spoiler Avocado and Salmon Stack  Spoiler 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Unnnh...My friend brought me out to the mall once and introduced me to Yogolicious - which is mango/original flavoured frozen sorbet kind of yoghurt :L He also put toppings on it TT^TT so yummy <3  Spoiler  Spoiler P.S - will get back and post more later :L 
 
 oooh ohhh Ms.BloodyFallen's pics remind me of something I looooove Passion fruit frozen yougurt topped with almonds, blueberries, kiwis and strawberries  Spoiler 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 Most favourite food , expect the onions.  Spoiler 
 
 Im surprised Pured didn't have a picture of my penis resting on a plate its his favorite dish. 
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX Im surprised Pured didn't have a picture of my penis resting on a plate its his favorite dish. I couldn't find one on google, all I have is videos of it doing tricks and spells. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Pasta made with olive oil sauce and shrimp, squid, oyster and Salmon 
http://gingerbreadeye.blogspot.com.br/
 ^Hate when people call that pasta. To me, that is spaghetti and pasta is the solid ****. But hmm, i've never tried shrimp/squid spaghetti. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Are you sure it is spaghetti? It could spaghettoni, pellizoni, spaghettini, Vermincelli, capellini. You cannot be sure considering the difference in size is only a fraction of an inch. And all of these plus spaghetti are pasta because pasta is pasta by what it's made of not when or how it's cooked. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Are you sure it is spaghetti? It could spaghettoni, pellizoni, spaghettini, Vermincelli, capellini. You cannot be sure considering the difference in size is only a fraction of an inch. And all of these plus spaghetti are pasta because pasta is pasta by what it's made of not when or how it's cooked. All the specific names don't mean much. Its like Bread having 10 different types. Main difference is spaghetti is like noodles and pasta isn't. e.g. spaghetti e.g. pasta 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Randoms I have a few favorite dishes when done right. Desert: Red Velvet Cake  Spoiler Cream Cheese frosting. Rich and creamy when done right. Please stop making up foods and pretending they're edible. Cheers. Lets go with Tandoori chicken. Ideally this is made in a tandoor, which is just a clay shell with a flamethrower that feeds on wood.  Spoiler Note to Americans - thats enough for two people. Its usually served with nan bread or rice, salad and a varity of mint/red sauces. I prefer it over Chicken tikka, as that tends to be dryer and lamer. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 ... Did I do something to you? The foods I mentioned do exist, and are edible. Originally Posted by Pured All the specific names don't mean much. Its like Bread having 10 different types. Main difference is spaghetti is like noodles and pasta isn't. Spaghetti is pasta because of what is made of. Spaghetti, penne, elbow, couscous, fettuccine are made form the same thing. It's just shaped differently and prepared differently Spaghetti is also Italian in origin, and all flour dough dishes from Italy, be it macaroni or spaghetti are called pasta. Like bread is a general term for its different types. Pasta is the general term for all noodles and "pastas" as you say. At least from Italian origin, which includes spaghetti. But if you want to keep noodles and pasta separate categories, go ahead, but it is not wrong to call spaghetti pasta. 
 Last edited by Randoms; 04-30-2013 at 01:18 AM. 
  Spoiler 
 Pured sometimes you make me facepalm with your Zer0 intelligence. Pasta refers to all noodles made with specific ingredients the shape of these noodles are irrelevant for that matter and guess what the ingredients in spaghetti noodles is the same as it is in penne noodles. I know many people make their "spaghetti" with angel hair pasta instead of spaghetti pasta but still call the dish spaghetti but both are pasta dishes. 
 Originally Posted by Ichigo n105 Pasta made with olive oil sauce and shrimp, squid, oyster and Salmon Aaaa yes Salmon is another favourite. The only fish which I feel tastes good naturally. 
 Originally Posted by ProtoManX Pured sometimes you make me facepalm with your Zer0 intelligence. Pasta refers to all noodles made with specific ingredients the shape of these noodles are irrelevant for that matter and guess what the ingredients in spaghetti noodles is the same as it is in penne noodles. I know many people make their "spaghetti" with angel hair pasta instead of spaghetti pasta but still call the dish spaghetti but both are pasta dishes. Its not like I don't know that... -.- Just the fact that the spaghetti one gets called pasta and isn't called spaghetti is so damn weird to me... 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
