http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155156-STOP-ALL-OTHER-NEWS-JUSTIN-BIEBER-ARRESTED-FOR-DUI-OFFICIAL-THREAd/page2
 STOP ALL OTHER NEWS: JUSTIN BIEBER ARRESTED FOR DUI OFFICIAL THREAd - Page 2
 He hasnt killed himself yet? Wow im almost suprised. 
[When the rich wage war, and the patriotic whores dig their own graves, for their own sake.] [Another casualty, another travesty.] ​[Welcome to the end]
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil Talk about "real" news. And here I thought the breaking news was about them riots in Kiev, Ukraine. Not to Mention the TPP agreement that is going to ruin Farming, Force other countries to allow forced Fracking in their country by the US no matter whom they are and Force I.P's to act as copyright police and start spying on their customers actively and ban people from the net using 3 strike laws..OH! and Say good bye to ALL Generic Drug companies in the entire world. but hey! Not like any of that matters because Justin Fagber got arrested....Totally not important compared to that. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I beliebe he can fly. Originally Posted by cronichazel Lol, this kid had it coming. He did dream about living the thug life. Guess he finally did it Quotes of the year, already, ladies and gentlemen. I applaud you two, that was pretty clever. Well done. On other news, I saw a picture of Beaver today (just browsing through my newsfeed) - apparently free out of jail - with his famewh*re on a beach and her with an immense bathing-suit bottom wedgie. Oh the horrors.. why? Such a crime! Out of all the atrocities! It's okay to pick! I swear! 
xxavacredxx
 WELL THEN, I believe this is something that everyone should have seen coming from a mile away BUT, time to bust out the party equipment and celebrate this occasion lol 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 This event gives a lot of people whom have put Justin on a pedestal to criticize him for doing whatever he wanted. It gives the supposed excuse and reason for everyone to judge him when we are all just as bad in one way or another. 
 Originally Posted by SageoftheDawn This event gives a lot of people whom have put Justin on a pedestal to criticize him for doing whatever he wanted. It gives the supposed excuse and reason for everyone to judge him when we are all just as bad in one way or another. I hope you realize that he puts himself there (much like Miley Cyrus herself - she admits it, she does it), and probably enjoys the attention, and also lastly could care less for people like you, me, or anyone else "criticizing" him - because he'll be laughing all the way to the bank regardless. So honestly, don't white knight someone like him. lol. It doesn't help anyone any, and you're not doing yourself any favors, my friend. :< 
xxavacredxx
 Originally Posted by Se7en He hasnt killed himself yet? Wow im almost suprised. Only smart people who are valuable to society die in accidents. The drunk drivers, the driving while texting *******s, and the idiots who do 120 in a 30 zone come out alive excluding Paul Walker come out alive. 
 Originally Posted by SageoftheDawn [...]It gives the supposed excuse and reason for everyone to judge him when we are all just as bad in one way or another. Nah kid, I don't put other people in danger when I drink. Keep claiming the social high ground though! 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Now now Tova, I'm sure he's holding back on the wit and intelligence until he gets more bites. Devils advocating ain't eeazaaay. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy Nah kid, I don't put other people in danger when I drink. Keep claiming the social high ground though! I never would have imagined that putting yourself on the same level as a drunk driver could be interpreted as taking a social high ground... 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee I never would have imagined that putting yourself on the same level as a drunk driver could be interpreted as taking a social high ground... But clearly we are all wrong because we judge bieber when we too have also done equally as horrid things. Let he who is without sin cast the first stone! Or is that not a social high ground? Because I am looking down on you right now from a greater elevation. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy But clearly we are all wrong because we judge bieber when we too have also done equally as horrid things. Let he who is without sin cast the first stone! Or is that not a social high ground? Because I am looking down on you right now from a greater elevation. You'd probably be correct if the pronoun "we" didn't mean that the statement following it also applied to the person speaking. "We've all made mistakes" is probably not the best example of somebody taking a moral highground. I mean, the guy's full of **** of course, but I'm just kind of saying that your choice of words was pretty bad. Hope that clears up any confusion my post has caused you. 
 Originally Posted by SageoftheDawn This event gives a lot of people whom have put Justin on a pedestal to criticize him for doing whatever he wanted. It gives the supposed excuse and reason for everyone to judge him when we are all just as bad in one way or another. I too enjoy drunk driving and resisting arrest. cuz I'm a straight baller and play by my own rules. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Faerhen I hope you realize that he puts himself there (much like Miley Cyrus herself - she admits it, she does it), and probably enjoys the attention, and also lastly could care less for people like you, me, or anyone else "criticizing" him - because he'll be laughing all the way to the bank regardless. So honestly, don't white knight someone like him. lol. It doesn't help anyone any, and you're not doing yourself any favors, my friend. :< I never stated he was perfect. I am focusing on the people that are judging him. We could be focusing on news much more important than a singer arrested for DUI. 
 I'm going to go ahead and play this game and argue that the "shouldn't focus on bieber when worse **** is out there" sentiment is a joke. For every news story anyone wants to talk about or interrupt there will be a million worse or more pertinent news stories. What would you focus on? It's crazy how capitalism works, if people go elsewhere for news then you need to find a way to remain competitive, part of that might be in the way you select and report on news stories. I'm sure many here are aware of the expression "vote with your wallets," well in the internet age you can vote with your views. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by SageoftheDawn I never stated he was perfect. I am focusing on the people that are judging him. We could be focusing on news much more important than a singer arrested for DUI. I'm not perfect. But there's a difference between being imperfect and having no common sense. I can see why many people in the US would think Justin Beiber is more important than American Politics. Most of those people know who lives in a pineapple under the sea but don't know who lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue (as evidenced by Jaywalking with Jay Leno). But the key component to this story going by this thread is: someone famous/wealthy was drunk driving, could've killed someone, and essentially got off with nada. Again, I'm not perfect. But whatever else can be said about me, I'm not lacking in common sense. Justin Beiber can afford to buy my home at least 8 times. He can't afford a bodyguard/driver? If anything where the hell is the justice system? 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary I'm not perfect. But there's a difference between being imperfect and having no common sense. I can see why many people in the US would think Justin Beiber is more important than American Politics. Most of those people know who lives in a pineapple under the sea but don't know who lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue (as evidenced by Jaywalking with Jay Leno). But the key component to this story going by this thread is: someone famous/wealthy was drunk driving, could've killed someone, and essentially got off with nada. Again, I'm not perfect. But whatever else can be said about me, I'm not lacking in common sense. Justin Beiber can afford to buy my home at least 8 times. He can't afford a bodyguard/driver? If anything where the hell is the justice system? There is no doubt in my mind that he'll be prosecuted aggressively. My friend got a DUI, and while he got really ****ed for it, it was nowhere near as bad as when Britney Spears got hers. They tend to make examples out of stars and the bigger they are the harder they fall. Despite this, even if he goes to jail he'll still be richer than all of us combined. Nothing's ever gonna change that fact. Thanks Canada. 
 apprently justin beiber is just to good for the congresswoman. MSNBC needs to realize that it's this bullshit that's scaring off the 30 liberal nutjobs from watching them. 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
