http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120181-The-Food-You-Eat-Most
 The Food You Eat Most
 Not much to explain here. What food do you eat more than anything else and why? My answer is eggs. I eat eggs at least once a day, sometimes twice. I usually eat about 5-8 of them in one serving, so I suppose I average 8-12 of them a day. 
 
 Holy **** that's a lot of eggs. How buff are you damn? I eat lots of vegetable soups. Mainly because that's what my mom cooks most of the time. It can be delicious a lot of the times. But sometimes I just don't like it. She probably messes up some ingredients I don't know. 
 Organic or soy yogurt. I eat a lot of it. u.u; And strawberries and blueberries. I get in trouble because I nosh on those two things all the time until I get sick. I used to eat naan bread a lot, but not so much now. And potatoes, but I really don't like potatoes. My new thing seems to be tomatoes. I don't know why, but changing my diet to vegetarian/nearly-vegan has made me dislike a lot of certain foods, like potatoes. I started loving more veggies lately. o_O; Probably rice would be the second. Particularly jasmine rice, but I don't eat it everyday or anything. I like brown and wild too. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 For the sake of convenience and so I don't spend all day in a kitchen, a protein shake. 1 scoop whey, 1 scoop casein, 1 tbsp ev olive oil, 1 tbsp coconut oil. Usually atleast 5 of those per day. Exciting huh? Yeah its boring, but I can make and drink one in less than 2 minutes, so its convenient. 
 I usually eat Lean Pockets. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Originally Posted by Mr. Sabrina I usually eat Lean Pockets. Lean pockets are awesome! I really want to try the pretzel bread kind. ^^ It kinda changes for me, but I usually tend to stick to the same basic items when I go grocery shopping. I break it up in terms of macro-nutrients (protein, starch, fruit/veg, fat, and dairy). I used to eat a boca burger every day for lunch, but they cost a lot more than just buying some lunch meat, so I alternate between the two. Greek yogurt has been a breakfast staple for me for awhile, but that too is more expensive than milk or regular yogurt, so I buy it when my budget allows it. But I count greek yogurt as a protein, so I'll typically get a milk in addition. Lately I've been doing almond milk. I always buy apples. I love them so much! And they're relatively cheap in comparison to other fresh fruits. For veggies, I usually buy frozen bell pepper slices or frozen collard greens. For starches, either bread or tortillas for dinner/lunch, and a cereal for breakfast. Sometimes I like to get Cinnamon Toast Crunch, but I usually buy Kashi Go Lean. Fats consist primarily of almonds and hummus, and avocados when I intend to use them quickly. My shopping cart usually looks pretty similar from week to week, but I switch things up now and again. ^^ 
 8/6/12 - Never forget T.O.B
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee I suppose I average 8-12 of them a day. Mother****er. How many times do you fart a day? I probably eat jam the most. It's always in my breakfast; I put it on cake, between two cookies, with butter, almost everything. But technically, I eat potatoes the most, because I eat fries 2+ times a week, and I eat potato chips everyday. 
 
 Probably Vegetables I eat lots of vegetables 5-6 times a day, its a basic thing I set into my eating. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I eat such a wide variety of foods but I'd say steamed broccoli. I eat it five or six days a week. If I go out to dinner, I almost always get it as a side or pick something that has broccoli in it. I eat it so often because it's my favorite veggie, it's healthy, easy to prepare fresh or frozen, inexpensive, and a good addition to most meals. 
 Like Buddy, probably eggs. Not nearly as much, although I would definitely like to. I'll make 4-6 for breakfast whenever I can. Sadly, I don't always have time in the morning, since I have a hard time getting up (not a morning person at all), and I have to go without, so I'll have them, on average, every other morning. They're the most consistent thing I eat though. Breakfast is a meal that doesn't really change all that much for me. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 The most common foods I eat would have to be chicken, some source of potato, or pasta. Chicken is the only meat I really like and I think it goes with everything. I tend to eat things in twos though to complement the chicken so it's usually French fries if I'm going out or pasta because it's so simple and quick to make. I love fruit and most vegetables so if one of the latter are around I'll usually eat that as well. 

 Probably Oatmeal. And not the super sugary [fruit] & Cream stuff either. 
 Originally Posted by Kouketsu There is no way anybody should have any votes other than Elysium. Other people spam, sure, but he's the only guy I know who makes spammers out of everybody else. All it takes is one Elysium post and suddenly everybody in a thread starts acting like an F&G regular. 
 XXL Microwave burritos... It's the only thing I can cook so there's always like 30-50 stockpiled in the freezer. =O 
 Originally Posted by [ Takerá ] I watch anime Raw and understand most of the things they say does that count? Originally Posted by ChatterboxZombie depends if you're watching lucky star no if you're watching ghost in the shell, yes 
 As of late (since school ended) I've been fishing and eating whatever I catch. My sisters fiance is a Bass Fisherman and we've been fishing a lot lately. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 My breakfast is the same thing every single day: Yogurt, multivitamin, and a blueberry banana smoothie with a scoop of whey protein mixed in. So those are probably what I would say I eat the most. Aside from things that I purposefully eat on a regular schedule like that, though, I'd say likely apples or chicken. I'm a pretty big apple enthusiast, so I always make sure to keep a bunch on hand. Chicken I just tend to work into anything or I'll eat it for its own sake - fried, baked, roasted, deli-sliced, you name it. In sandwiches, soups, pastas, pizzas, etc. And I pretty much never eat out, but even then whenever I do, I usually get some kind of chicken-centric dish. Other things that tend to make it into my regular eating schedule: Granola bars, oranges, tomatoes. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
 I love grapefruit.....I eat at least one a day. My mom gets kinda pissed though cause she'll buy 2 and I'll eat em both. Also....I enjoy blood oranges. If we have em I eat em with breakfast. You can't go wrong with a blood orange....I believe. 
LiveJournal♥FictionPress♥Facebook♥Meet Randy♥Formspring
 Pizza. It isn't particularly my favorite food, but I have a few friends who are obsessed with it so we always end up going out and getting some. Besides that, dorming at college, the food choices aren't really that great so the only sort of edible thing is pizza. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Like Buddy, probably eggs. Not nearly as much, although I would definitely like to. I'll make 4-6 for breakfast whenever I can. Sadly, I don't always have time in the morning, since I have a hard time getting up (not a morning person at all), and I have to go without, so I'll have them, on average, every other morning. They're the most consistent thing I eat though. Breakfast is a meal that doesn't really change all that much for me. You know, a lot of people eat eggs for breakfast... but I always eat them for dinner. 90% of my dinners are bacon and eggs because of the high fat content (fat is good!) and slow-absorbing proteins. Mother****er. How many times do you fart a day? Eggs cause gas? O_o For me, gluten always gives me stomach problems. I have an intolerance to gluten though so it makes sense. 
 
 ^ Some people have trouble breaking down the sulfur compounds found in the egg's yolk. Usually it's a digestive enzyme issue with separating the sulfur from the iron groups. Or more commonly they overcooked the eggs, denatured the proteins, and released the sulfur compounds from within the fat groups. 
 Greek yogurt. That stuff is so gritty but so addicting. Oikos is the cheaper brand and tastes the grittiest, but I'll still eat it. Danon's yogurt is what got me addicted. As for anything else, Maple & Brown Oatmeal. 

 Probably grains like pasta, potatos and bread. I have cravings for them alot so I tend to have nothing but them all week sometimes. 
 Um, I wanna say I eat usually eat a lot of avocados, spinach, and turkey.... Like Turkey Chops and turkey burgers.... Although, I'm getting tired of turkey.... I usually eat avocados because they're so yummy and I usually eat them out of the "shell" with salt and pepper or on a sandwich.... Spinach is usually on a sandwich or in a some sort of cooking I've created.... Lastly, I choose turkey as an alternative to beef.... 
Balance.... I'm losing it.....The ground beneath does not exist.... If this isn't nice, then I don't know what is....  Spoiler  Spoiler "The whole story has it that as we go through life, we really don't change.... We just become more of the same.... You look around you as the years go by and it seems a very valid premise.... People don't change.... As a matter of fact most of us resist change very strongly.... Yet change is a sure thing.... The only variable rate.... Slowly read as evolution and fast as revolution...." 
 Sandwiches... Do not underestimate the power of it... There is so many varieties... I can pack it up for work, it's great as a quick bite... You can incorporate many flavors... PB&J for a sweet tooth, ham and cheese.. I love sandwiches... Besides it suits me on the cheap end... Although cheese is quite expensive... 
 
 I don't eat breakfast I sleep too late and have to rush out. I really don't eat the same things too often because I hate to eat the same thing over and over and if I cook the same central food I cook it differently as often as I can. 
 Although I work at a restaurant and make decent wages I eat a crap load of cereal, POPS & Honey Combs allday. 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
