http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159497-Super-Powered
[OOC] Super-Powered
 Timeline:  Spoiler 2019 - Coexisting realities somehow mesh and created a single, blended universe. This comes at a price though. The dimensions were shattered and destroyed, their fragments and unique influences accumulating into a singular standard universe. The single surviving universe is mostly unaware of the tragic collapse of the other realms, yet is still firmly tethered to each different dimensions. The different energies from the separate realms begin to affect the Earth, which absorbs the brunt of the explainable science and magic that radiated from the Earths of the other universes. Externally, all seems nominal, but mankind is changed forever. 2025 - Mutations and oddities in the human genome arise. Powers and abilities have been imbued to all ages of human beings. The world tries to make sense of this sudden change, and slowly things begin to spiral into political, scientific, occult, and humanitarian topics of debate...as well as military. Not much technological progress is made in the next handful of years, things remain as they were in the past decade. 2029 - Roughly one third of world population is deleted by the mentally deranged supervillain know as God. Remaining population recovers from the recent, tense few years. God vanishes, and a new world order is established. 2033 - Superheroes rise up to combat supervillains, and society teeters on the balance of military avarice, the control of government over superhumans, and forces unknown. Setting: Alpha City, located somewhere on the eastern seaboard of the United States of America. It is the largest civilized location in the country. Alpha City is extremely modern, and is a hub for international tourism due to its polished, modern urban environment and status as the USA's new center of command. Alpha City is a massive location that connects to many rivers and oceans. It possesses truly magnificent architecture, such as towering skyscrapers and contemporary capital buildings. It has many separate districts, which behave like slices of the USA of old. For example: one district is a nexus for fashion and technology, while another behaves more like Hollywood, along with a separate district that performs heavy agricultural production. The local government of the area includes a mayor, governor, and finally a small senatorial committee that is superior to both figure-head political leaders of the state and township. As expressed in the timeline, technology hasn't evolved much from current times. The relations between different nations remains the same as they always were, albeit slackened a slight bit due to the mass erasing of a massive chunk of the world's population. However, due to the blending of alternate realities humanity now possesses a plethora of superhumans ranging from all age groups. Discrimination is low, at least in the USA, but there are political and military complications with the arrival of these strange new human beings. For now, things are relatively stable and balanced. Legions and alliances have been cemented, and all good people desire for a peaceful existence. However, the flaws of humanity still provoke certain individuals or groups of people to commit violent acts for personal gain. Supervillains now add to the ranks of burglar, murderer, terrorist, and more. The Roleplay: Create a character who fits into this universe, who shall be on the side of good, evil, or behave a neutral player. With the supervillain known as God having vanished, there are still powerful and evil superhumans who plot and enact harmful deeds upon society. Alpha City is home to more than its fair share of gangs and criminals, as well as supervillains. Mayor Hughemeyer has established a central command tower within a skyscraper that handles all superhumans related crimes. It is run by a special superhuman police division, that is well funded and ever ready to carry out justice, protecting and serving the people of the city. This division is headed by a man named Commissioner Arden, a very competent and well-aged man who handles the complicated matters of superhuman and normal citizen issues rather well. Your character is new to the whole hero/villain business, but that does not mean they are naive or completely lacking of knowledge in their field. Express their backstories well, take care to touch upon contemporary events or issues in order to add that flavor of realism to your already inhuman personality. A strong supervillain is plotting from the shadows, behaving as an anonymous threat to a vast majority of the city. Your character starts off in a district of Alpha City, creating their origin story by improvising from the setting they inhabit. Heroes generally work for the good of the citizens. Villains desire to satisfy their personal desires, and do not care if harm must come to the rest of society - they might even find pleasure in it. Neutrals have lesser roles in the overall events of the Roleplay, but still contribute solid influence to the direction of the plot. Alpha City - Fashion + Tech District: Criminal hackers are blackmailing and extorting private information as well as vast amounts of money from the various establishments of the region. One major company called "Varrion", known for its banking and vast amount of subscriptions, has invested in enormous cyber-security defenses to combat these expert technophile criminals. Still, the drug-ridden gangs and dramatic struggle of law enforcement against the flashy supervillains of the region persists and festers in this seedy district. Alpha City - Glam District: Known for its amazing penthouse industry, beaches, and celebrity hotspots, this district has its fair share of organized crime units and collective supervillain groups. The number of psychologically disturbed criminals is on the rise, which harms even the most innocent members of society. There is a rise of public shootings and grotesque homicides, and some whisper that the work of demonic, satanic, or occult influences have a firm grasp in this district of sin. Character Sheet below Maximum of three, with expendable minor characters being an exception Be UNIQUE Name: Age: Gender: Alias: Power: (limited to three, must have a weakness on par with the strength of your ability and cannot be overpowered) Affiliation: Hero/Villain/Neutral Physical Appearance: "Super" Appearance: (costume/uniform) Personality: Backstory: Rules: 1. Listen to me. You can dispute things with me, I have an open mind and encourage people to help enjoy the story as much as I enjoy making it. Just remember to listen, stay calm and be free to ask questions. If I put my foot down on something, then it is the end of discussion. 2. Do not have a bad attitude. Arguments or concerns are quite welcome to be discussed in the OOC thread. Still, trolling/flaming will result in a ban. 3. Do not abuse the leeway you have in creating super powers/abilities. Stay realistic and provide a decent explanation of the mechanics of your character's power(s). 4. Do NOT rip things off of copy a majority of other concepts or ideas. Inspiration and originality love each other, remember that well. 5. I acknowledge that players might want to have personal plot events to add more life to the story. Be sure to clear it with me first through a PM, and educate the other players as you see fit. Just don't wrestle control of the plot away from me and create something that affects the story in a massive, irreversible way. Obviously I won't let that slide, so moderate your aspirations. 6. Extended leaves of absences, the limit being a week and a half of no activity with no prior warning will result in a ban. I'll handle how your character(s) plays into the Roleplay. Submit your characters and have fun. Roster Shmuser Name Evander Harrington, Hero, Nimbus (NPC) Riya C., Neutral, Blacklist (NPC) Sin Shaman + Wisp, Villain (NPC) Howard Strey, Hero, Luminary (NPC) 4XDBlack Charles, Hero, Silent Knight (PC) Don Hubbard, Villain, The Divine Rector (PC) Joseph, Hero (PC) AKALONELYFREAK Nikov Zerel, Villain, Zero Kay (PC) Lillith Von Boch Makila Maddy, Neutral, Fallen Angel (PC) Randoms Edmond Grandure, Villain (PC) Emily, Neutral (PC) Kuze the Devil Von, Neutral (PC) Dust2Dust Omega, Mana, Neutral (PC) 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 01-30-2015 at 08:08 PM. 
 Name: Evander Harrington Age: Late-20s Gender: Male Alias: Nimbus Power: Flight, Permanently emits healing aura that works incredibly fast at regenerating damaged body matter, mild photokinesis Affiliation: Hero Physical Appearance: Caucasian skin pigmentation, Medium build, Taller than average, Chiseled muscle definition, Dark-brown irises, Short and wavy black hair, Handsome and groomed appearance for most of the time "Super" Appearance: His costume is a spandex suit decorated with soft leather body armor, with contoured kevlar padding and miniature reinforcements covering his body's joints and other areas. His gloves are finger-less, and there is a sizable, golden colored circle attached to his outfit's upper back. It lights up when he activates his healing aura. Evander wears a full helmet as well as a face-mask. His outfit is colored mostly dark-blue, with light gray compliments and highlights. Solid gold stripes asymmetrically cover the left portion of his chest and part of his shoulder. Additionally, Evander wears large amber goggles that are attached to his face-mask. His ears have small, thick white circles going around them. These both flash up with color corresponding to Evander's current psychological stress. Green is nominal, Yellow is strained, and Red signifies severe trauma or unconsciousness. Personality: A humanistic, logical young man. He is confident in his own abilities and strives to maintain an optimistic, positive outlook on life despite having such an dark childhood. He aspires to be able to help all people, as doctors were his idols when he was growing and developing. Evander loves humor and patterns, and enjoys identifying complex ideas with simpler concepts that are dumbed down for himself and for others. He is a natural instructor, and a loyal friend. Evander is faithful to bits and pieces of all religions, addressing psalms and lessons from a variety of theocratic sources like an avid believer. However, his alignment to a single faith is cloudy. He isn't very athletic, but he does enjoy staying in shape and eating right. He's responsible and well-mannered, and can also be outgoing. He has decent self-defense skills. Backstory: Evander discovered he could heal people by being around them when he volunteered to assist with the elderly or the ill during his youth. Flight came as a surprise to him, as he had fallen from the roof of a community church and discovered that he could glide or hover in the air. The force of his weight on his body was soon rectified, as Evander learned to control his flight in secret from his close companions. Evander had once saw a wounded stray cat on the streets, yet he could not reach it from his apartment window. As an experiment, he focused his healing power into his index finger-tip and fired a zap of absolute light at the cat. Surprisingly the cat was unharmed by the pure light, and instead was healed. It then walked off on its merry way. Name: Riya C. Age: Mid-30s Gender: Female Alias: Blacklist Power: Riya can cause a striking disruption with an organisms's sensory perception and brain wave patterns that stuns or incapacitates them for short periods of times. However, using this ability also affects all around her, she cannot focus on certain individuals and can prove to be more harmful in team fights than helpful. The standard power sickness also arises once she has used her ability numerous times in succession, or in very large instances. Affiliation: Neutral Physical Appearance: Olive-skin tone, Average height, Curvaceous figure, Light build, Long dark-black hair fashioned into a high pony-tail and braided locks, Bright-blue and almond-shaped eyes, Attractive and proportioned face contours on good-looking bone structure, Long lashes, Straight nose, Thin and slightly curvy eyebrows, Small lips and chin "Super" Appearance: None/Casual apparel Personality: Riya is an intelligent, witty woman who aspires for a respectable performances and organized efficiency. She is extremely talented in acrobatics and her mind is a fearsome tool that she utilizes quite well. Riya enjoys science-fiction and romance stories. She is an agile fighter as well, having taken martial arts training for over a decade. Riya enjoys keeping in shape and writing. She is obedient, cunning, and a good listener. Riya is not very religious, and her realistic outlook on life has hardened her will and educated her about how society can run smoothly, or in a hectic state of affairs. Riya is very technologically adept, and is capable professional hacking or programming. Backstory: Riya discovered her powers after she graduated college and got a desk job. Her commute in the city provided ample chances for her to test her powers in crowds. She could make people's heads ache or have them lose part of their senses for some time, evoking panic into their minds. Riya browsed the Deep Net for hours at a time, finally finding a scout who was searching for exceptional cyber-security managers. What Riya initially thought was a clandestine government job turned out to be a well-paying venture into the world of illegal online traders and smugglers. Her powers evolved as her knowledge of the vast, dark side of the Internet grew. In time, she abandoned her lifestyle of protecting bad men from the law, and decided to wait for life to present her with a new opportunity. 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 01-18-2015 at 10:07 PM. 
 Sounds like fun. Please note this will be my first time. So this means I have no idea what I'm doing past making the character. Anyways... Can there be slums in this world? I want there to be slums.. Let's have slums.. Name: Charles (Last name unknown) Age: 21 Gender: Male Alias: Silent Knight - or "Knight" Power: Has the ability to create pocket dimensions. He can open and close them at will, allowing him to store things inside it such as goods or weapons. He can also create a "wormhole" within the dimension, connecting two points of reality through his dimension allowing him to "teleport". Has heightened agility and neural waves, giving him enhanced reflexes, awareness, and speed. He fights with either a scythe or a bo-staff depending on the situation. He is a master martial artist, by combining different techniques he's learned throughout the years. Usually using leverage and different grappling techniques to defend himself against few or many opponents. His powers aren't really meant for offense, so he isn't well suited for stronger opponents. However, his high intelligence and experience allows him to find the weaknesses and weak spots of his opponents and exploit them. Affiliation: Hero Physical Appearance: Charles is well cut, slim, slightly rugged, with well defined muscles. He has wavy medium length brown hair and brown eyes. He wears a nice 3 piece suit with a red tie, a vest, a belt chain, a pair of aviator sunglasses, and occasionally a fedora. On colder days he'll wear a trench coat and scarf. While casual or getting comfortable he'll take off his jacket and roll up his sleeves. Or basically he looks like izumo kusanagi/Shizuo Heiwajima but with darker and messier hair. (I can only assume everything looks like it's in an anime) "Super" Appearance: He takes off his jacket and tie, then rolls up his sleeves and puts on well fitting fingerless gloves. Personality: Charles considers himself a Hero but is more along the lines of an Anti-Hero. Charles is a smug, confident, and slightly arrogant. He is very intelligent, wise, experienced, and a fast learner. He is also a really good strategist and tactician. At times he can also be seductive. He's constantly grinning, smiling, or laughing when he's not fighting. His face makes you think he's always scheming or plotting something. Always with an ulterior motive. And if you thought that, you'd be right. This makes people either love him or hate him. However, when he becomes serious, you can feel the atmosphere change. The only times he becomes serious is when he's fighting a stronger opponent or when someone threatens the well-being of someone he cares about. Contrary to what most might believe, he is extremely loyal. However, those who think they have his loyalty may not actually have it at all. Backstory: Charles grew up in an orphanage in some slums on the outskirts of Alpha city. Which led him to a life of thievery. However, unlike most thieves, Charles only stole from Criminals. People who many wouldn't even dare step in their territory. Stealing things such as money, weapons, or even information. He was able to escape the consequences of his actions by using the information he gained to his advantage. Finding the weak spots of his enemies and exploiting them. He would start wars between factions and clean up the treasure left in the carnage. However having no real origins has led Charles to waver between Hero and Villain at times in trying to find himself and where he belongs in the world. Because of his confidence in his ability to slip out of any situation, sometimes to the point of ignoring the consequences, it has gotten him stuck in many life or death scenarios. Even to the point of losing those he loved. After cleaning out the slums he managed to get himself into the Glam district of Alpha city, living in a medium sized apartment. He continues to steal from the underworld in order to pay for a life of luxury. Including stealing information. Which makes him the biggest liability and at times, the best wildcard. Please note that the character above was an original idea that I made up on the spot by making a hodge-podge of original characters I made in the past.. However those characters are probably subconscious rip offs of other characters. So if you see a resemblance between Charles and Izaya Orihara, it is not my fault! 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Great character, I really appreciate you joining this RP. For the sake of not making your character over-powered, can you specify how much he can hold in these pocket dimensions? Also, maybe you can have some type of power sickness? My reasoning is that creating a portal/vortex that can be used for teleportation sounds like something you can't just walk off after doing, LOL. Is there room for your character to grow as well? Like, evolve his powers? Wouldn't it be cool to see "Not-Shizuo" fire off unstable miniature vortexes at people because he managed to hone his teleportation-portal ability more? That'd be pretty damn G imo. 
 Thanks, making up badass Characters is my specialty Charles can create pocket dimensions, however his control over them is limited. He can freely open and close doors or "portals" in these dimensions. Inside these dimensions nothing exists. It's simply empty space. So it's pretty much useless for anything else than storing things. But that makes it perfect for a thief. Allowing him to carry all the tools he needs as well as make out with the goods without ever being noticed. However his ability to contain is limited to inanimate objects and Charles himself only. If a living organism besides Charles were to enter, it could possibly cause the dimension itself to collapse. Which would do damage to Charles. Maybe to limit is ability to store things, he has a "power sickness" that forces him to use more effort and focus into opening and closing doors into the dimension the more that is stored inside it. Which would mean he'd be limited on how much he could carry unless he's willing to let his reaction speed suffer. The teleporting is caused my wormholes inside the dimension. Similar to say, the portal gun. All he's doing is opening two doors in separate locations and then connecting them. Almost like walking through a doorway. Since he can open and close doors freely it causes no real strain on him. But once again, teleporting isn't really an offensive type weapon, so it's uses in actual combat depend on his ingenuity and creativity. I wouldn't call it a vortex though. I don't want to make him OP, because my idea was more along the lines of someone who beats his enemies by exploiting their weak spots using only his witt. But I had an idea.. What if though his evolution, he can open portals into his dimension slicing things up similar to an implosion bomb, like the implosion BIM off btooom? It would be the only offensive ability he'd have via pocket dimension. He'd be forced to "teleport" the limbs of his enemies, to prevent the dimension from collapsing though Lol maybe that's a little OP... But hey, I'm the type that likes to badassify everything. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Been thinking about entering and I have a character idea kinda brewing in my head. Got a few questions though cause I entered a superhero RP a while ago that kinda fell flat because of a lack of storyline. (Similar think happened to an apocalypse RP as well) What motive will we have to do things? Will there be an objective or plot that people will have to work together to achieve? Your world also seems fairly thought out, but I just wanna clarify it a bit so I can understand, but Alpha city is the main city that we will work in and dimension collapsed into each other giving us super powers? Alpha city is also sectioned off with different districts that cater for different functions and social aspects? And God is a villain that tried to euthinaise many people? Thanks 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts Been thinking about entering and I have a character idea kinda brewing in my head. Got a few questions though cause I entered a superhero RP a while ago that kinda fell flat because of a lack of storyline. (Similar think happened to an apocalypse RP as well) What motive will we have to do things? Will there be an objective or plot that people will have to work together to achieve? Your world also seems fairly thought out, but I just wanna clarify it a bit so I can understand, but Alpha city is the main city that we will work in and dimension collapsed into each other giving us super powers? Alpha city is also sectioned off with different districts that cater for different functions and social aspects? And God is a villain that tried to euthinaise many people? Thanks Maybe you could make a badass Villain who gives the story purpose? If not I have an idea about a character with cults and blackjack and hookers... 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Damm i wish i could make ravok join this 
 @4XDBLACK Good idea about the capacity of these pockets and the strain on Not-Shizuo's body. Your character is accepted. @NuttsandBolts I run the main story arcs of the two starter districts for the beginning of this RP. I am acting GM, after all. The Tech/Fashion District that is corrupted with cyber-crime and corporate warfare will have its own origins storyline that leads up to the defeat of the main bad guy in the district. This'll take some time. The Glam district has a more of a supernatural feel to it, and will also feature a prominent detective storyline that will end with a pretty decent clash between good and evil. Eventually, new districts will be opened up, and there will also be events where the entire city is even put at risk - based off of the cohesive cooperation of the hero and villain PCs in this RP. I encourage people to also try their hand in villainous plots that the heroes will have to cope with. There is also the matter of the Police Department and Council which runs this city and the heroes, and how sometimes corruption in the system is enough to make heroes extremely disadvantaged under-dogs. God is literally just something I came up with to make the situation on Earth more dire and a bit easier to work with. With 1/3 of the human population having been erased from existence, the world had to get its groove back. Now that things have eased up and are balanced, it's perfect for imbalance to arrive! Thus, an interesting RP experience. I doubt God will ever return, the guy was just a loony who was given genocide powers, and then for the sake of plot he vanished. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name @4XDBLACK Good idea about the capacity of these pockets and the strain on Not-Shizuo's body. Your character is accepted. Yay! Now I might go for a villain as a second character and then I'll be done.. Unless I decide I want a henchman. But now I have a question... As for the plot.. For the end result of the story, do you have any plans for a big ending plot? Or are you going to let it transpire and create itself during the RP? If it's neither, then are you open to some ideas? I've got at least two. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Definitely interested, yet concerned due to AGAIN lack of people. 
Former Mizukage, ancient Genin of the Land of the Rising fist. Leader of the Shinigami Rejects Please read my article: Naruto vs. REAL Ninjas! Click here! 
 Originally Posted by Urahara Kisuke Definitely interested, yet concerned due to AGAIN lack of people. So that just means not joining would do more harm than joining. ^.^ 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name I run the main story arcs of the two starter districts for the beginning of this RP. I am acting GM, after all. ... God is literally just something I came up with to make the situation on Earth more dire and a bit easier to work with. With 1/3 of the human population having been erased from existence, the world had to get its groove back. Now that things have eased up and are balanced, it's perfect for imbalance to arrive! Thus, an interesting RP experience. I doubt God will ever return, the guy was just a loony who was given genocide powers, and then for the sake of plot he vanished. Haha, I understand that. It's your RP so you have the final say on a many things. I know all too well what it's like when people take over. Had it happen once and it ruined an RP I created. Still a bit puzzled for why "God" may not be in the active RP. To me he seemed like a character that villains would want to aspire to and heroes feared, much like Sylar from the Heros TV series. I want to get to know this character and write my experiences with him. I just don't wanna see the guys, like myself, who want to play villains be responsible for the storyline of your RP. You know, "Bad character does bad things because he's the bad guy" sort of scenarios. Don't tell us too much by the way and spoil it. This is just food for thought so leave some of your cards close to your chest. Originally Posted by 4xdblack As for the plot.. For the end result of the story, do you have any plans for a big ending plot? Or are you going to let it transpire and create itself during the RP? If it's neither, then are you open to some ideas? I've got at least two. As I said above, don't spoil it. That's like going on a journey and rushing to the destination but missing all the attractions in the middle. If it turns out well this could be an RP that last a long time and people will naturally create ideas. Originally Posted by 4xdblack So that just means not joining would do more harm than joining. ^.^ Start with a few and people may join later. Some people want to see the beginning of the story before they choose to invest their time into a new RP. As for a character sheet, I'll work on one and see what can come up with. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts As I said above, don't spoil it. That's like going on a journey and rushing to the destination but missing all the attractions in the middle. If it turns out well this could be an RP that last a long time and people will naturally create ideas. I know, I know...I just get really pumped when I enter any kind of new fantasy world. I start making up characters, end plots, badass action scenes and stuff. Cause see, that's how I write all my stories, I try to immerse myself into the world I've created. Live the lives of the Characters in the story. (So when I'm writing it's usually just me in my room talking to myself, pretending to be a badass) But really, now that I think about it, my ideas are more of antagonistic goals rather than plots lol. Though if you're going to make a Villain, I might wait for you to finish before I make mine. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 I have my villains set, I mean...I can't have plots without antagonists. I might make them recurring characters, or I might not. I'm still indecisive about God, I mean the entire concept for him was to make a throwaway. He's ridiculously overpowered and nigh untouchable, he'd make a terrible villain for the RP, even if I were to have plot nerfs to his abilities. I would just like to have the active player roster set up and then divvy them between the two districts. The player gets to decide which district they'd like to start off in. If anyone has an idea for a villain or hero and would like to make them a psuedo-NPC who could be controlled by the GM or themselves, then just PM me and we can talk. It's not like I don't have powerful villains myself. Also, the part about the dimensions collapsing onto the "standard" one the RP takes place in was my explanation of "BAM WE GOT SUPAH POWERS." Like God, it is available to be fleshed out. Yes I am open to ideas, just remember rule number one. 
 Last edited by Shmuser Name; 01-06-2015 at 04:59 PM. 
 If some more people decide to join, I might also join. I don't want to make a character for an rp that won't really start/without a lot of people. By a lot, I mean, 3-5 other players. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Think i might be a villain for the first time. 😈 Oh what terror may I bring. 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 I've been itching to write recently. I'll have a villain posted later this evening (PST). 
 You bring me to tears you lot. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name You bring me to tears you lot. Fine ok, don't cry, I'll freaking join gosh. Acting up like a cry baby and all, I don't want that on my conscience. I wanted to be a villain, but I'll let the others have fun. 
A calm . mind is the key to success.
 Hey, character count is at two. It might be raised if Bungie decides things are too easy. Yeah, I was totally bawling earlier. I ate some ice-cream and p u s s y afterwards and I felt better. 
 All these villains Might have to trade mine for a hero... If I can think of one that isn't totally OP >.> 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Hey, character count is at two. It might be raised if Bungie decides things are too easy. Yeah, I was totally bawling earlier. I ate some ice-cream and p u s s y afterwards and I felt better. Do not believe this for even a second. Curious as to whether this is going to be one of those fast paved short post rpg's that a few of the last ones were, or whether it will be further between posts but less frequent? 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Hey, character count is at two. It might be raised if Bungie decides things are too easy. Yeah, I was totally bawling earlier. I ate some ice-cream and p u s s y afterwards and I felt better. Do not believe this for even a second. Curious as to whether this is going to be one of those fast paved short post rpg's that a few of the last ones were, or whether it will be further between posts but less frequent? Also curious as to how it will work with a lot of villains but one storyline? You say no taking over the main story, but Bar all the villains working together I don't quite understand how one storyline will be possible. .. 
 Name: Nikov Zerel Age: 27 Gender: Male Alias: Zero Kay Power: Molecular energy absorption. Nikov can draw in the energy that molecules use to move; this power has a few interesting applications. Firstly, his alias name origin, when slowing down molecules within an object, it becomes colder. The less the molecules move the closer to zero Kelvin (measure of heat) or absolute zero the object becomes. With this Nikov can freeze objects and people that he touches with his bare hands making them brittle and immobile. The speed at which he can do this is dependent on the size and starting heat of the subject in question. Secondly, his body can convert the energy absorbed into raw physical ability. There is a maximum to this, roughly four times the speed and strength of an average human. And lastly, though probably not the least, the ability allows Nikov to absorb the energy of attacks aimed at him. (I would rather not list the weaknesses here but instead give clues for other players within the RP itself but if the GM needs to know I can private message you) Affiliation: Villain Physical Appearance: Nikov is taller than most men and fairly slender. His skin is like ivory and his hair a natural bleach blonde. Exquisite facial bone structure, a short brown beard, and icy blue eyes define Nikov's face. His choice of clothing is simple: long-sleeved shirts, fitted jeans, hardy leather boots, and supple brown leather gloves. "Super" Appearance: A well tailored navy blue suit, a black dress shirt, a white tie, black leather gloves, and white motorcycle goggles with opaque white lenses. Personality: Nikov, when he walks the streets as just a one among millions his is a man of few words and cold looks. When he does speak it is straight forward and to the point, no wasted breath escapes his lips. His mind is as sharp as one might expect and his redeeming qualities end there. As the villain known as "Zero Kay" things are a bit different. Somewhere in the not-quite-right head of Nikov Zerel he decided that villains need to be funny. Unfortunately, for Nikov and his victims he is not. When dressed for crime he talks more but it never quite works the way he thinks it does. Backstory: At a young age Nikov and his parent moved from Russia to Alpha City to start a new life and be happy. That's what he was told but in reality his father was in grave debt to the Russian mafia. Nikov's father also possesses a unique ability and in exchange for his services the debt would be paid off. When Nikov began to show signs of his own powers he too was inducted into the ranks. For the last ten years Nikov has been a sort of freelance 'handy man' for the officers of the Russian mafia and has committed nearly every crime on the books, allegedly. 
 Last edited by akalonelyfreak; 01-07-2015 at 10:20 AM. 
 Credit to my hoe.
