http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156085-Updated-Spring-2014-Anime-Chart
 Updated Spring 2014 Anime Chart.
 http://i5.minus.com/i99rqnvyhKdAl.jpg Not sure if posted already but w/e 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 So far the spring line up for this year going to be pretty good, just hope that they are going to be good. 
  Spoiler 
 Splendid, genres that I am actually interested in watching are making a comeback. I shall look forward to the new season. Still waiting to see K on these lists one day. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 They all look really god-awful except for Mushishi Season 2. I'm kinda disappointed that its the manga coming out, rather than the anime right away. But either way, still really excited for it. 
 Originally Posted by Felares Still waiting to see K on these lists one day. At first I thought it would be another series, but its a movie. K is decent with some good music. Digging the tune in my sig . Movie news link: http://shinigamilist.com/2014/03/11/...-on-12th-july/ 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Ping Pong the Animation is all I need out of this season. 
 I have picked out about 10 shows from the list to delve into. I need some weekly anime now since Golden Time, Kill la Kill, Recently my sister is unusual & Log Horizon have left my sight. I have so many I plan to watch I really need to get cracking on with them haha 
 The Future Gadget Lab: The Unofficial Steins Gate Community Boards
 Must... Resist... pirating 
 Man, this is the largest season in terms of sheer volume of shows since like Spring 2006. And there's actually a lot of stuff worth checking out! Mushishi and Jojo are must-watch. Holy **** yes Knights of Sidonia anime! Unfortunately it's entirely in 3DCG so it might not actually end up being a very good adaptation. Regardless, people should read the manga cause it's amazing. More Monogatari! Last episode of Gundam Unicorn finally! More Anime Mirai! The Ping Pong noitaminA show is probably worth at least a 3 ep test. Captain Earth looks/sounds pretty interesting and it's basically the same folks who made Star Driver. I'd consider Soul Eater Not pretty high on my watch list if it wasn't for the fact that it's Bones E team doing the animation. So it's probably going to look pretty damn janky, but then again it's mostly Slice of Life so that might not be a deal breaker. 

 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil At first I thought it would be another series, but its a movie. K is decent with some good music. Digging the tune in my sig . Movie news link: http://shinigamilist.com/2014/03/11/...-on-12th-july/ I am hoping the movie will sell enough for them to make another series. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by Felares I am hoping the movie will sell enough for them to make another series. I'm hoping the movie answers some plot-hole questions for me, and this is coming from a die-hard K Pro fan. 
"The tragedy of being an underachiever is that I know what I should be, but reality keeps telling me that I'm wrong."
 Just Waiting For "yamada-kun to 7-nin no majo" anime!!! The manga is so cool!. BTW im a newbie here guys. So Hello to Everyone! 
 Fall 2014 chart not yet out? 
