http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157482-Can-Americans-Make-Anime/page3
 Can Americans Make Anime? - Page 3
 It's my opinion that anime will always be imported from Japan, sure Americans can create the very same art style or even use limited animation style production but it just won't be the same for me. Besides Americans also have their own awesome style already. There are anime titles that mimick our western styles too. 
 Wow.. I've often wondered this myself as an American who dreams of being a writer and has an addiction to anime. Thank you Star-Blazer for necro'ing this thread so I could read it.. But honestly, the OP and the answers have a communication gap. My question has always been "Can an American write an anime that would be picked up by a production company in Japan?" I always figured I could always start my own project and start an internet series that closely resembles anime. But if I did that, would a production company like madhouse see it and pick it up and say "hey, I wanna buy your stuff.". Or could I send them a script and they say "Hey, this is really good. Hop over to Japan and let's make this happen.". Or would I have to move to Japan, learn Japanese, try to become an official citizen, and start out as the mail boy in the big corporate building like you would here in America? Really, how does one become the American writer for a successful Japanese Anime? Originally Posted by ThisGuy There are people on this board who didn't watch Totally Spies.  Spoiler I guess it's French Canadian, but I think the question was really "can western entertainment emulate Japanese anime style." Yes, yes it can. Also Teen Titans.  Spoiler And yeah I picked crappy clips, and yeah the quality is bad, fiteme1v1m8 Totally watched Totally spies btw. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Originally Posted by jugger So in the end it comes down to the definition of "anime" the way I see this is going. I always thought the definition was animation from Japan. 

