http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149792-Pokemon-X-and-Y/page7
 Pokemon X and Y - Page 7
 So Black Jesus Charizard took on the Champion and swept her entire team under the rug, Mega Gardevoir included, at level 69. I'm not even joking. Why do I even have five other Pokemon? Also, the Steel type guy Wikstrom does the salute from Attack on Titan before you fight him. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 mega gardevoir made my favourite pokemon pregnant ;_; Can ralts be caught in x and y? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Can ralts be caught in x and y? Yes, and pretty early. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Got it and a time-line map. The store clerk at GameStop gave me 2 posters since I am a loyal customer I guess. I waited with 3 friends at the launch, but our GameStop wasn't open so we ate at Mary Jane's. I got both now. I love that you can change the protagonist's race. First time playing as a black person. (although the female looks part black / part hispanic or white, but I say she is black). I am not sure how they do the males, but I will play as a boy on Y (I am on X). My name is Lauren, and I choose Ferrikan or whatever the fire fox thingy is called cause I love fire types and it is so damn cute. On Y I am choosing the Grass type and name him Kony (cause he looks like that evil African dude.) But I just met the Professor and got a Bulbasaur and the Venus-Mega thingy. I am assuming that this game is based in France cause of Paris-like city, French phrases keep popping up that I don't understand, and those French hats. Speaking of hats, you can customize their clothes, but they BETTER have a Cowboy Hat somewhere, how can you have a Fedora, but no Cowboy hat? If there is not one. I will start to hate this game. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 Finally got my doublade to evolve into aegislash. I have to remember to try and one shot things with it now. Because as soon as it attacks, it is as fragile as glass. I am in Team flare's base now doing stuff, beating people a lot. Fun. My team consists of Greninja Vivilion Charizard Florges Gogoat Aegislash (remember, steel types are awesome against fairies as well) They are all about level 60. @Pinkie Pie there does not appear to be any cowboy hats. 
  Spoiler 
 Found a thunderstone after second gym, and traded an Eevee for a Leafeon. Eeveelutions obtained: Umbreon Espeon Sylveon Leafeon Jolteon Jolteon looks terrible in 3D without a tail... 
 Last edited by ThisGuy; 10-16-2013 at 06:24 PM. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Finally got my doublade to evolve into aegislash. I have to remember to try and one shot things with it now. Because as soon as it attacks, it is as fragile as glass. I am in Team flare's base now doing stuff, beating people a lot. Fun. My team consists of Greninja Vivilion Charizard Florges Gogoat Aegislash (remember, steel types are awesome against fairies as well) They are all about level 60. @Pinkie Pie there does not appear to be any cowboy hats. Where did you get your Dusk Stone to evolve into Aegislash? I've been trying to figure out where to get one. Apparently there's a Team Flare dude on Route 13 that's supposed to give you one but couldn't find him anywhere.. 
 
 Originally Posted by Viren Where did you get your Dusk Stone to evolve into Aegislash? I've been trying to figure out where to get one. Apparently there's a Team Flare dude on Route 13 that's supposed to give you one but couldn't find him anywhere.. Super training. I had one before I did super training, but I did super training anyway. It was like Omni was earning its evolution by doing the super training. To express what I mean. If you have a pokemon with maxed EVs, special super training events are unlocked. ONe at a time though. The main prize for each one is a rare item and not EVs, the six mission lets you play for a dusk stone. You don't always get it, but the better you do the better your chances. 
  Spoiler 
 My roommate beat Pokémon Y storywise and is trying to catch Mewtwo. However, I've noticed that he sucks when it comes to moveset strategies. Seriously, why would you teach that fire fox or whatever Cut? 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Originally Posted by Randoms Super training. I had one before I did super training, but I did super training anyway. It was like Omni was earning its evolution by doing the super training. To express what I mean. If you have a pokemon with maxed EVs, special super training events are unlocked. ONe at a time though. The main prize for each one is a rare item and not EVs, the six mission lets you play for a dusk stone. You don't always get it, but the better you do the better your chances. Okay, thanks. I'll start on that later today then. edit: Just started up Y to get to the training but apparently throughout the time I've been playing Delphox was a boss and kept whacking the training bag and is now a Fully Trained pokemon, so I'm assuming that unlocked the special training. Yay! edit, again: I got my Aegislash and beat Team Flare to a pulp. Due to exp share and easy switch training my team was quite overleveled so no problem. Caught Yveltal and replaced Pidgeot with it. (Dark/Flying ftw) Tomorrow I'll definitely do the 8th gym and maybe even get past Victory Road. Not sure if I'll do the E4 and Champion right away. 
 Last edited by Viren; 10-17-2013 at 10:37 AM. 
 
 Just bought this a few days ago. I haven't played many Pokemon games, but so far this is probably my favorite. They added a lot of fun things to do when you need a break from the grind. ^^ I picked Froakie as my starter, since I like ninjas. So far, my favorite Pokemon are Vivillon and Fletchling, they are so cute! I haven't defeated the first gym leader yet because I haven't played that much. Since hearing about the "save bug that breaks your game", I've been scared to play. X_X I hope Nintendo addresses the issue soon because I need to know if it's a hoax or a real risk to save in the main city. 
 I bought Y today, as a treat for passing the college course I was taking. It's fun. My current team is a bit of a mess, and I'm not too far in, but I'm enjoying it. Abusing Wonder Trade to get awesome stuff though. 
 Bad news, folks: apparently, there is a glitch that sometimes your save files will get erased out of nowhere in both X and Y. Both my roommate and a friend of mine have encountered it (they bought theirs new). 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I heard about that, apparently it only happens if you save in a big city? Just to be safe, I'm going to just close my 3DS when I'm done. Edit: I caught a shiny! This is crap, I've played since gen 1 and this is the first shiny I've caught (aside from Red Gyarados). Second I've seen, too. 
 Last edited by Kuroki; 10-17-2013 at 01:01 PM. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I heard about that, apparently it only happens if you save in a big city? Just to be safe, I'm going to just close my 3DS when I'm done. Edit: I caught a shiny! This is crap, I've played since gen 1 and this is the first shiny I've caught (aside from Red Gyarados). Second I've seen, too. Shiny pokemon are going be more common since they changed the algorithm. Also when breeding if you breed from different countries, eg: 1 English and one Japanese pokemon, shiny rates increase as well. It'll probably be the same with the pokerus virus too. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Here's hoping I find a shiny Eevee or 10. I forget. In previous games, if you were to breed a shiny pokemon with something, would the child be shiny too? If so, is that the case here? 
 I can't remember for sure if I have even seen a shiny pokemon ever, but if I did it was probably only once and failed to catch it. Cheating through Action Replay doesnt count, that is the one time I remember having shinies for sure. :P Also for the people who have yet to encounter their games' respective legendary pokemon, I think you'll dig the legendary music for this generation. Too sexy. 
 
 First shiny pokemon I ever encountered was on Silver and I encountered a shiny Hoothoot. An attack that would've gotten it to low health where I could've caught it ended up being a critical hit and I lost my chance Much later, I encountered a shiny Zubat (which I successfully caught). He became a pink Crobat... 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Watching my girlfriend playing pokemon X as we speak, I haven't got my copy yet 
 I beat the Elite Four and the Champion just moments ago, now it's time to hunt for some legendaries and catch some pokemanz for the pokedex afterwards. Fun thing regarding the legendaries. I accidently encountered a pokemon in the tall grass, no big deal you'd think. But there was a shiny star-esque thing in the middle of the screen and then the black swipes, indicating a legendary pokemon. Guess who appeared: Zapdos! And then he fled right away cause fml. 
 
 Viren, Not sure it matters to you still, but you can find a dusk stone in the mine. 
  Spoiler 
 I was forced to waste my Master Ball on Yveltal After the events leading up to the battle, all I had left was my HM whore Hawlucha. No way in hell could he beat it down enough for me to catch it normally. XD On the plus side I love Yveltal. So strong. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I was forced to waste my Master Ball on Yveltal After the events leading up to the battle, all I had left was my HM whore Hawlucha. No way in hell could he beat it down enough for me to catch it normally. XD On the plus side I love Yveltal. So strong. It is probably too late to mention, but after the gauntlet, you can leave to heal and resupply. Also, You can KO the pokemon. It will still remain there and the story will not continue until you catch it. So you could try that, or just lose and walk back and it will still be standing there. All things considered, it's not a long journey to get back to it, compared to lugia/Ho-oh or dialga, palkia, giratina. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Viren, Not sure it matters to you still, but you can find a dusk stone in the mine. Heh, no it doesn't matter anymore now. I got a dusk stone through the super training to get Aegislash. 
 
 Well, I've been playing through the game relatively slowly, and I've finally made it to Snowbelle city. Turned the game off for the day before wrapping up the gyms, though. My current team consists of: Charizard Tyranitar Alakazam Gengar (kinda meh right now, but he kills fairies like nobody's business) Chesnaught (will probably replace him post-game with something for an all-mega linup cuz megas, **** yeah) Blastoise (started leveling him with the intention of wrecking face with Mega Blastoise after knocking down the price of Blastoisenite in Lumiose, but he kind of sucks, so I'm probably going to change him back out for something) They're all around 60-65 atm 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
