http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153244-One-Piece-730
 One Piece 730
 HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLY got damn !!!!! This chspter was just to epic for words. Law kidnapped and half dead big mom showing up ( omg that ship is huuuuuuuuuuuge ) zoro clash with the admiral Sanji and crew about to fire that big cannon at big mom Everyone running to zou ( now we will see laws crew fight forsure Will kidd alliance show up aswell? he does want beef with big mom **** is just all over the place and all epic all the time and at the point anything could happen. Will luffy fight dof alone or as a team and will then win or run will the admiral take dof side or turn against him as he seems honerable and take out dof can zoro even fight on par with an admiral if he decides to fight Why is momo so important as to count as a card. Maybe his fruit is one of vega punks and there for way more legendary then one of ceasers so then want momo dead so they can take it back when it reforms. I dunno im just spinning with excitment after that chapter. 
 Where discussions can even begin this week I do not know but right now i just wanna list the sides Good guys ( so to speak haha ) Luffy and the straw hats Law Kinemon Rebecca Soldier Laws crew The happou navy Bart the other contestant in the tourney the fairy's Violet momonosuke The bad guys Doflamingo Doflamingo family Big mom big moms crew which is looking massive The marines The admiral ( tho i have a feeling he will turn on dof and let the sh go ) vice admiral spring dude who name slipes my mind in all these names flying around Ceaser clown Cp-0 Possible arrivals Kidd alliance smoker and tashigi and kids if they decide to turn around due to some radio order from the top Kaido Brokers from the videos Annnnnd there is still the question of who will be the tenth straw hat and explode on the scene with that mera mera no mi ( i still say rebbeca ) Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd i probably missed alot because stuff is so intense right now. This officially gave way and just makes one piece the most amazing manga in the history of time and i challenge anyone to dispute that fact. the hype pouring out of my through this chapter and know the new world is just getting started we still have shanks kaido big mom blackbeard pirates dragon akainu 3rd admiral 7th sichibukai mihawk raftel the true history laboon the all blue the maps of the world Pirate king luffy the final war of the world the other super nova and their crews crocodile enel moria alabasta as they are the 20th family of the kings of old the must have some significance. and that is just what we know ( yes im missing some events im sure ) that does not include and the twists and turns such as new warlords after being defeated and admirals possible comming and going and new enemies and alliances being broken and made and deaths of characters like shanks who I really think will either die b4 luffies eyes or be saved by luffy as some kind of debt repayment. or both as luffy may save him then him die of injuries allowing him to keep the hat. Im Just going a mile a minute thinking about it all 
 You're right, there is a lot going on in this chapter. just craziness from the get go. It would surprise me if Kid and friends showed up just cause charging into a battle potentially with a shichibukai, admiral, and the strawhats just to get big mama might be risky but i love the brainstorming. also, is law's crew supposed to be on zou or whats the importance of the island? i dont remember it being mentioned so i must have missed it. 
[IMG][/IMG]
 Originally Posted by blacklegluffy You're right, there is a lot going on in this chapter. just craziness from the get go. It would surprise me if Kid and friends showed up just cause charging into a battle potentially with a shichibukai, admiral, and the strawhats just to get big mama might be risky but i love the brainstorming. also, is law's crew supposed to be on zou or whats the importance of the island? i dont remember it being mentioned so i must have missed it. Ya, ad far as i know zou is not anything special other then it is where law stashed his crew for the time being. So I don't think zou is in anway special for anything other then that at the moment. But I do think kidd may show up because I know he wants big moms head and as it stands now she is there and luffy and crew is not enough to beat her or even close not to mention dof and family plus marines and admiral/viceadmirals. I did read someone say maybe Fat mom will help them out because she is lolas mom. That is an older theory of course but the person said maybe fat mom will notice the vivre card and then hear about lola and change her tune. I doubt this highly due to fat moms personality in the sense she is evil but who knows right now. If fat mom decides not to help them ( which I think she won't ) then I think kidd will end up showing up. If she does help them then I think kidd will end up being against luffy and crew who would essentially be friends with big mom at that point. 
 Not sure what's going on with Law's crew, I highly doubt they are just waiting somewhere or some ****. I'm thinking they are captured or something. Or they are part of laws plan in case it doesn't go as well as he expected. 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Not sure what's going on with Law's crew, I highly doubt they are just waiting somewhere or some ****. I'm thinking they are captured or something. Or they are part of laws plan in case it doesn't go as well as he expected. I think he told them to wait there. I say this because punk hazzard was clearly a solo mission. ceaser is not gonna have laws whole crew there i would think. he likes control and almost did not let law alone there. they may be captured which i never thought of tho that seems weird. how were they captured and if it was by dof why keep them on zou and not in his own prison/ stadium. it is weird tho that they would just camp and wait there must be more to it then a simple you fools wait here im gonna go lets the punks know 
 A good chapter but still so far for me. There is too much spread out right now. I kind of hope to have them focus on one section of what is going on at a time for a little while like with the Colosseum fights. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox A good chapter but still so far for me. There is too much spread out right now. I kind of hope to have them focus on one section of what is going on at a time for a little while like with the Colosseum fights. Not me. unlike kishi I think oda handles a spread out style very well and i have no trouble following it all and it all flows and connects at the right times. I think all arcs after this will be more structured though. Right now its the first arc of the new world as punk hazzard and dressrosa are all pretty much the same grouping. So right now is just setting the stage for all the crazy stuff to come. 
 You are probably right. I do not doubt that something big is going to come. I am wondering thought if big mom is on that ship herself or if its just her lackeys 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox You are probably right. I do not doubt that something big is going to come. I am wondering thought if big mom is on that ship herself or if its just her lackeys hard to say but I think she is there for a few reasons - that is one ship I see some thinking its 3 but if you look its just one huge irregular sized ship so it looks like it would be her ship like its 100x bigger then the sunny - the one lacky said something to her now this could be over a den den mushi but I seen no signs of him using one based on the arc itself seems very possible that something as big as big mom showing up could happen - we seen those lackies b4 but never a ship like that so one cannot say for sure if she is there but all signs point to yes in the world of educated guessing 
