http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155676-Katawa-Shoujo
 Katawa Shoujo
 Never in my life, have i appreciated such a fine piece of art. Words cannot describe how touching this 'game' is. It's such a bittersweet game; it made me laugh and it (almost) made me cry. For those who have played it, I ultimately choose the character Hanako (eventually getting the Neutral and Good endings). I am curious, have you played it yet? 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 As an avid 4chan user, I have definitely played it (it was made by guys on /b/ the random board). Anyhow, I still have it downloaded and I got pretty far but I still haven't finished it yet. But yeh; awesome game. Definitely recommend it if you enjoy the Clannad type theme. 
 I played it and finished all of the routes. Ren's was my least favorite, all the others were pretty good. I don't think I have a preference. I downloaded it because I came across it mentioned on some site, more as a joke than something I was serious about playing through. However I got wrapped up in one of the stories and ended up playing through all of them. The art wasn't stellar, but I really enjoyed the stories. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 I agree with FullMetal; I didn't know such game existed until I saw it mentioned in a joke. Even then, I had no intention to actually play through it until I saw it on a different website, mentioning that they had uploaded the First Act to the game. Curious to then try it out, I decided to download the [whole] game and started playing through it since Saturday night. Ever since then, I could not stop 'playing' through it. Even today at school, the only thing I had on my mind was getting home and continuing the story. 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 Stumpy artist and deaf jerk were easily my least favorite routes! Stumpy runner and blind chick were my favs, burn victim was just kinda meh. It was a pretty decent VN all things considered, but not in my top 10. 

 I was never able to finish the game entirely due to computer issues before, but I definitely fell in love with the story Who knew it could make such a powerful impact? I was not expecting it, but it was simply a work of art. 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 It was my first visual novel, got it about a year and a half ago because it was legally free and I fond it to be a really good read. I loved how it was about people with problems, but the problems weren't the actual disabilities. The conditions are something the girls have had for years and they have come to terms with them, with the help of family members and professionals. So you are not going to come along and fix those particular issues, with the expectation of one. I didn't care for Hanako's route, simply because she wasn't ugly. Her face wasn't deformed in anyway, she just looks like a pretty girl who fell asleep while leaning on a recently painted wall. But because she's visually repulsive in the context of the narrative the player is viewed as some sort of White Knight for going out with her. Plus I found the sex scene to be a little bit rapey. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
 The Hanako route meant the world to me (personally). When i got the good ending, i felt so happy! She was not ugly, I agree with that, and it was the text of the literature that made her 'ugly'. Although I will admit, I have mixed feelings with what happened down the good ending. Because she never said yes or no, its difficult to explain. Because the main character never obligated her or used brute force, it wouldn't be considered a case of 'rape'. In my opinion, Hanako is extremely submissive (per say) and because of this, she also (somehow) agreed. But like i said, its difficult to explain. 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 Emi's route and the blind girl's route made me cry rivers, and felt like they were the two written by people that understand relationships and literature. Hanako's route made me angry, Rin (the artist) was boring, and Shizuka was the worst love-interest in a VN that I've ever had to play through. 
 
 I've heard Emi's route brings men down to tears. I just recently finished the Lilly (blind girl) arc and got the Good Ending. Made me happier than the Hanako arc. I yet to finish the rest; Shizune, Rin and Emi. To be honest, neither of those three interest me enough to play through their arcs. I wonder why Hanako's route made you mad :I cause I cant think of anything. By the way, is there a similar VN to Katawa Shoujo, other than Clannad? 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 Originally Posted by Tony_Dice I've heard Emi's route brings men down to tears. I just recently finished the Lilly (blind girl) arc and got the Good Ending. Made me happier than the Hanako arc. I yet to finish the rest; Shizune, Rin and Emi. To be honest, neither of those three interest me enough to play through their arcs. I wonder why Hanako's route made you mad :I cause I cant think of anything. By the way, is there a similar VN to Katawa Shoujo, other than Clannad? Hanako's route made me mad because it could have been done much better, without the tropey-ness. I definitely recommend that you do Emi's route, for real. And... uh... try Rewrite! 
 
