http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?123872-Bamboo-Blade
 Bamboo Blade
 Series: Bamboo Blade Release Date: 2007 Genre: Comedy, slice of life, tournament Director: Hisashi Saitou Writer: Masahiro Totsuka Number of Episodes: 26 Overview: From ANN Toraji Ishida is a high school kendo teacher. His friend and fellow kendo teacher makes him a bet: if Ishida can assemble a girls' kendo team that can defeat his girls' team in a practice match, he'll treat Ishida to free meals at his father's sushi restaurant for a whole year. Now Ishida must find five girls to join the team. Personal opinion: As you can tell by the plot summery Bamboo Blade isn’t a complex show having a pretty simplistic premise, meaning it runs the risk of being a transparent forgettable slice of life show. And there aren’t a lot of kendo matches throughout the series so as a sports anime this series has a few problems. With that said Bamboo Blade still works, in fact it works really well because the series excels in its pacing and characters. While they’re not incredibly deep the characters differ greatly and they develop fairly well throughout the show, the leads at the end are not the same people that were introduced in the beginning, with the exception of Sayako because simply being a fluctuating over dramatic wreck doesn’t count as good development, though she does get great moments which define her character. Plus none of mean characters are unlikable, this is partly due to the passive comedic nature of the series but it’s also because they are not archetypes but 3-dimensional relatable characters whom have their share of hardships. Elaborating on my opinion on the pacing, it not only applies to how the characters are developed but how the jokes are timed and they are timed very well, not relying on pop-culture references nor lingering on a gag for too long. Commenting on the visual presentation the art design is pretty well, character models are distinct and the lighting gives this series a bright atmosphere complementing the funny moments but not taking much of anything anyway from the depressing ones. The series often quickly switches to a very basic chibi style for a number of gags but like I said the anime doesn’t linger on these parts. Animation isn’t anything special I’m afraid, the series focuses on stills when a point is being scored and with little matches in the show there many opportunities for it to shine. Though there is nothing wrong it, so the animation’s definitely passable but not the high point of the show. Audio wise the music and sound effects perfectly compliment the humours moments, and the ost has a few heart pulling tracks which are used just a little too often. The voice acting is great in both vocal tracks, you can’t go wrong either sub or dub so just stick with your preference, evaluating the language I’m more familiar with the stands outs for the English version include Luci Christian’s high-spirited Kirino Chiba and Brina Palencia’ mentally unstable Sayako. Overall Bamboo Blade is a heart-warming, fun, family friendly experience with perfectly likable characters, is it silly? At times yes, is it predictable? Slightly but I feel the pros outweigh the cons and I can’t justify giving it anything less than a note worthy recommendation. 
 Last edited by Green Bird; 02-21-2012 at 10:01 AM. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
