http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152447-Hi-guys-D
 Hi guys :D
 Hello guys I always hate the Introduction part specially on school. .___. I don't know Maybe I'm really bad at introducing myself . some of you might relate on me haha I'm "PrankenCheese" First I decided to name myself "Cheesetits" But I think It kinda' Offensive So I made it "PrankenCheese" .. Yeah yeah . I know, I know . Wakata wakata. I suck at naming. I always encounter this problems when creating a Good character name in game,Because I'm also a Gamer. I love playing MMORPG/RPG/FPS/TPS and any other adventure games. It's my second time joining to a awesome forum like this. I think It's been a years since I last joined on last forum and that forum is all about Monster-Hunter . Yeah I'm a big fan of monster hunter ( MHP3/MHU/MHF etc etc. ). But I never finish it because I broke my freagin' PSP . I also have a problem in my Romance Story Line IRL and it turns out into a drama. My hobby is playing games, reading manga , watching anime and talking to the girl that dumped me ,____, But She now only Exist in my memory because She Changed ALOT. I don't know what I'm Saying this I'm such a loner. I joined this group because I want to feel comfortable again and to make friends I hope you guys can help me 
 Welcome to A4.... Cheesetits!XD I find that name hilarious. Speaking of Monster Hunter. I recently purchased Monster Hunter Ultimate 3! Its my first Monster Hunter game and im really enjoying it. I got it for the 3DS. What is your favorite Anime and Manga? And this is a great Forum to join! Trust me, you will make some friends. I hope you enjoy the Forums! And If you ever want to help someone out, I could always use some tips for Monster Hunter. Also Nice Introduction! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Yo PrankenCheese! Welcome to the forums! I'm sure you'll meet a lot of people that can relate to you, like me for example. I broke my PSP as well some time ago hahaha! Hope you'll have fun here! 

 Welcome to A4 cheesetits!? lol anyway what games are you currently playing? 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
 Welcome to A4, and don't we are in the same boat because I don't like introductions either but you will enjoy it here though if you stay for a while 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Dragnight44 Welcome to A4.... Cheesetits!XD I find that name hilarious. Speaking of Monster Hunter. I recently purchased Monster Hunter Ultimate 3! Its my first Monster Hunter game and im really enjoying it. I got it for the 3DS. What is your favorite Anime and Manga? And this is a great Forum to join! Trust me, you will make some friends. I hope you enjoy the Forums! And If you ever want to help someone out, I could always use some tips for Monster Hunter. Also Nice Introduction! Thanks! I also have 3ds a But I dont own a munter hunter ultimate 3.. but I'm planning to get one too !. I hope its worth it. maybe someday I'll join to your hunting 
 Originally Posted by D Morning Star Welcome to A4 cheesetits!? lol anyway what games are you currently playing? Hello, D Morning Star Thanks for the warm greeting Right now I'm not playing anything because I screwed up most of my consoles hahaha . but sometimes I play online games in my pc Such as grand chase,elsword,adventure quest worlds etc etc. and I'm still stuck at playing Disgaea:Hour of darkness on my DS . Its a tactical turn based rpg and its really fun to play. I hope someday my psp works fine so I can play other disgaea series. 
 and Thanks guys! for the warm welcome 
 Welcome. I like your avatar. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Prankencheese Hello guys I always hate the Introduction part specially on school. .___. I don't know Maybe I'm really bad at introducing myself . some of you might relate on me haha I'm "PrankenCheese" First I decided to name myself "Cheesetits" But I think It kinda' Offensive So I made it "PrankenCheese" .. Yeah yeah . I know, I know . Wakata wakata. I suck at naming. I always encounter this problems when creating a Good character name in game,Because I'm also a Gamer. I love playing MMORPG/RPG/FPS/TPS and any other adventure games. It's my second time joining to a awesome forum like this. I think It's been a years since I last joined on last forum and that forum is all about Monster-Hunter . Yeah I'm a big fan of monster hunter ( MHP3/MHU/MHF etc etc. ). But I never finish it because I broke my freagin' PSP . I also have a problem in my Romance Story Line IRL and it turns out into a drama. My hobby is playing games, reading manga , watching anime and talking to the girl that dumped me ,____, But She now only Exist in my memory because She Changed ALOT. I don't know what I'm Saying this I'm such a loner. I joined this group because I want to feel comfortable again and to make friends I hope you guys can help me Glad you decided to join here! And I'm sure you'll meet lots of friends on here. I'm quite a loner myself believe it or not, overtime you'll eventually find good people who are true friends. Good friends are very hard to find, but there's lots of great people out there. Enjoy your self here!~ Big hugs! =) 
 Hey man, that's one cool intro! I just made a lazy intro hehe...anyways; welcome, have fun! 
 “You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.” - Miyamoto Musashi 
 Originally Posted by Prankencheese Thanks! I also have 3ds a But I dont own a munter hunter ultimate 3.. but I'm planning to get one too !. I hope its worth it. maybe someday I'll join to your hunting You should. Its awesome! And Sure. We should exchange friend codes sometime. PM me your code sometime, and I'll give you mine. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 I just... I really like your username LOL 
