http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158643-Kiseijuu-Sei-no-Kakuritsu-(Parasyte-the-maxim-)/page3
[Horror] Kiseijuu: Sei no Kakuritsu (Parasyte -the maxim-) - Page 3
 Double episode *****es. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Yay for double episodes! Seems like Shinji has started to act like Migi. Probably due to having parts of Migi in his body. 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 That was the best 40 minutes of my week. 
 - My Anime List
 Did anyone here subscribe to the now defunct Mixx Zine magazine? Parasyte was one of the stories it featured, I remember really enjoying it and was sad when Mixx changed to Smile and no longer being able to read any more translated Parasyte. Almost blows my mind nearly 14 years later being able to watch the anime! The anime is just as addictive as the manga, however I must ask, does anyone else find themselves a bit distracted when Migi stretches, it sort of sounds like a fart 
 I love it. Great development with the characters so far, and general awesomeness. Anyone else like the music in this series? It's pretty different from what I usually watch. 
 Originally Posted by Meepo I love it. Great development with the characters so far, and general awesomeness. Anyone else like the music in this series? It's pretty different from what I usually watch. I like the music as well. I don't really mind the dubstep, and the opening and ending are great. The rest of the ost is also good. 
 "Hey there kid, you're gonna hurt someone. Is that some kind of family thing? Jumping out at people and scaring the **** out of them...?" -Hazama
 Yeah great char developed! Not the typical mc. I only feel bad for him for not getting liked by murano in return 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 The soundtrack for this show is amazing, it's released December 24th in case anyone is interested. The character development is amazing. I thought Yuuko was going to be irrelevant...turns out she's not lol. I hope Shinichi makes it in time otherwise...well you know. And apparently the government is aware of the Parasites...just wondering when Shinichi is going to blurt out his secret. As for Shinichi and Murano. She loves Shinichi, she just doesn't love this version of him. It's hard to understand if Shinichi can even love anymore considering he cant even cry. I like that about him and the story as well, hes becoming more of a Parasite but is still trying to be human. 

 Seem like a tiny shred of emotions resurfaced to him? So the glasses girl is fine now that she caused dozen deaths n keep quiet about it....... :S 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 It's definitely not what I would consider horror, in my opinion, but it is an interesting dark anime. I started watching it randomly(I stumbled on it somewhere) about a few days ago. 
 No! Just no! WHY??  Spoiler Why Kana? 
Understanding 100% of anything is impossible. That’s why we spend all our lives trying to understand the thinking of others. That’s what makes life so interesting. 
 Don't take it to heart. You know the reason why. This anime series is psychological horror...so expect good people to fall into tragic circumstances. OST was really good for that scene. C'mere, I have warm hugs and cold Go-Gurt. 
 It's not the only reason, but that was a large part of why I stopped reading the manga.  Spoiler I didn't think either character was especially memorable, but I thought Kana was at least a more interesting heroine than Murano, who frankly seems like a bit of a non-entity. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Well its not like i intend to stop watching because of it, but still it feels so wrong to me. Thanks for the free hugs and the go-gurt, Shmuser, it meant a lot to me. 
Understanding 100% of anything is impossible. That’s why we spend all our lives trying to understand the thinking of others. That’s what makes life so interesting. 
 Shinichi...damn. Ripping out  Spoiler hearts and breaking them in the process. 

 Kana!!!noooo!!!! (ToT)/ She was the best female in this anime!! RIP Kana!! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I finally decided to watch this series. It's so damn good. The development of kinichi is great and migi kills it. 
 This episode was awesome. It's interesting to see the parasyte teacher with her baby. She trained him so well... The last scene with Kinichi was great. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 This episode was awesome. It's interesting to see the parasyte teacher with her baby. She trained him so well... The last scene with Kinichi was great. I laugh everytime she carries her baby. 
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 I laugh everytime she carries her baby. Yup. But for a parasyte who has no feelings she is a good mom and I think at least she is starting to feel something... she did laugh I mean... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Yup. But for a parasyte who has no feelings she is a good mom and I think at least she is starting to feel something... she did laugh I mean... I think you may be right about the teacher starting to have feelings. Man next ep is going to be intense. I have no idea how migi and kinichi get out of this fight alive. 
 Finally that P.I. understood his place. He was annoying. Migi and Kinichi are so cool! That new guy with three parasytes in him is creepy... Also what's with playing Piano almost naked??some strange sexual fantasy?? 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 DETECTIVE NO!!!!! He went out like a chump tho. Yo Ryouko put in work on those generic Parasites. Shinichi is about to face Ryouko and get that baby haha 

 I'm afraid to watch this anime. 
Namaila FREE classified ads Post your free online classified ads/events for North America and capture the best local audience. http://namaila.com
 I absolutely love this series not really ever sure what to expect with these parasites! Ryouko Tamiya is starting to make things happen getting involved with murano! 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
