http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157642-Do-you-prefer-happy-endings
[Anime] Do you prefer happy endings?
 So do you need to have a happy ending to enjoy a show? I need to have closure. But it can be sad so long as its not gut wrenching. If its intentionally super sad I don't want to get involved. How about you? Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Nah.. In the matter of fact I hate happy endings ..I only like happy endings when both of my favorite characters get together ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 Nah.. In the matter of fact I hate happy endings ..I only like happy endings when both of my favorite characters get together ... Ah like sao huh?? So you don't like forced happy endings hmm? I can see that. But I don't want it to be total downer either. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Well don't you think its the norm for most anime or shows in general to have happy endings...But I wouldn't say that I prefer happy endings but now they have become too predictable, it would be more refreshing to see anime end in a dramatic way for example Death Note..your could say that was not a happy ending but different from the norm. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 To quote a certain youtube reviewer "the ending is paramount" as long as the ending is conclusive it's not a big deal to me i might not like the endings but atleast it got one. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Twigster Well don't you think its the norm for most anime or shows in general to have happy endings...But I wouldn't say that I prefer happy endings but now they have become too predictable, it would be more refreshing to see anime end in a dramatic way for example Death Note..your could say that was not a happy ending but different from the norm. I can name several animes that didn't have happy endings (ex betterman, wolverine, and supernatural) so it's not like happy endings are the norm for anime. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I love them, that's why I watch anime. 
Community Staff Member of the British Army (BA) Napoleonic Wars game. Veteran Community Member and former Staff member of the Project Gaming videogaming community. 
 It depends on what im watching. If its a sad show or anime it can have a sad ending, but if its happy and fun like Clannad it needs to have a happy ending which is why I was disgusted with the ending of Air.  Spoiler Misuzu dying at the end of air. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 I definitely prefer a happy ending. That being said it doesn't mean I won't watch things that don't. The one thing that I truly can't stand are shows that end and leave you hanging. 

 Originally Posted by Finfan I definitely prefer a happy ending. That being said it doesn't mean I won't watch things that don't. The one thing that I truly can't stand are shows that end and leave you hanging. Yes unresolved shows are the worst. You'd almost rather have the worst ending in the world than no ending at all. Even a rushed ending sometimes is better than no ending. Than at least everyone can agree how sucky the ending was. But when there is no resolution no one is happy. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I don't want to watch something for entertainment and then for it to have a sad ending, I just don't want that. I always want the romance couple to get together in the end as long as that happens it's a good ending for me. Guilty crown and Gurren lagann are the worst offender that ive watched atleast  Spoiler In guilty crown they had kill off both love interest's and then a year later he hasn't moved on with Ayase or anything hes just sitting in the park listening to Inori  Spoiler and in Gurren lagann they killed off Nia ; _ ; and they show him when hes 40 and he seems like a homeless guy like wtf. I also didn't like the ending of Clannad because it felt forced to me  Spoiler Would of been better if there wasn't some random magic and he just moved on and married Kyou like what would happen in real life 
 Best Anime!!
 Originally Posted by DamianWinters I also didn't like the ending of Clannad because it felt forced to me  Spoiler Would of been better if there wasn't some random magic and he just moved on and married Kyou like what would happen in real life  Spoiler it wasn't random. If you'd been paying attention it was because of the legend of the floating lights and the wish the girl from the other world had made 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1  Spoiler it wasn't random. If you'd been paying attention it was because of the legend of the floating lights and the wish the girl from the other world had made  Spoiler Yea I know about the lights and the other world but it didn't make it feel any less outta place atleast for me. Idk I guess there was the Fuko thing so it didn't just come outta no where but I still didn't like it. 
 Best Anime!!
 Yes because life has enough tragedies. it would be pointless to see one in anime and manga too. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 I can name several animes that didn't have happy endings (ex betterman, wolverine, and supernatural) so it's not like happy endings are the norm for anime. Except norm just means most common, and happy endings certainly are. I personally prefer whatever suits the tone of the anime, if a happy ending is in place and doesn't go against what the anime has built up for/the themes involved then I will most likely like. I usually prefer closure, especially in romance anime, but sometimes an open ending can be nice. 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Ah like sao huh?? So you don't like forced happy endings hmm? I can see that. But I don't want it to be total downer either. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk I would rather have a total downer than see my favorite character end up with some character that I don't like ... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by j77k Except norm just means most common, and happy endings certainly are. I personally prefer whatever suits the tone of the anime, if a happy ending is in place and doesn't go against what the anime has built up for/the themes involved then I will most likely like. I usually prefer closure, especially in romance anime, but sometimes an open ending can be nice. I don't want the anime to go against it's theme but more importantly I don't want characters to be killed just so it's a sad ending. Closure is very important for an ending, if there's gonna be no more you have to end it, I dislike cliffhangers. Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 I would rather have a total downer than see my favorite character end up with some character that I don't like ... I felt like that with Clannad but that's all. I don't see why people would want to have a sad ending, anime is purely entertainment, do some people like being sad? 
 Best Anime!!
 I think endings are important in general but I don't need them to be happy. As long as it feels natural and fitting then I'm satisfied. 
(Insert Cool Things Here)
 I like the "WTF" endings a lot, the ones that make you think. That doesn't mean they can't be happy, but a typical and predictable happy ending isn't that amazing... If it is a super sad ending it better have been meaningful compared to the rest of the series. 
 I like happy endings and all BUT that's always the cliche route anime writers seems to take...ive seen a few animes where they had total different cases and ended in the bad guys favor and to be honest I kind of liked it, honestly to many anime end with typical happy moments with the main character becoming some type of hero and it gets boring from time to time so. 
 Like others have pointed out, as long as the ending is in tune with the flow of the show, it being a happy or sad one becomes quite irrelevant. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by DamianWinters I felt like that with Clannad but that's all. I don't see why people would want to have a sad ending, anime is purely entertainment, do some people like being sad? Not sad per say ... but it gives way more feelings than a happy ending ..at least for me .. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I really like happy endings, but like some said before, I don't like forced happy endings  Spoiler Clannad rawr 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Happy endings...as in the resolution to the anime ends on a bright note for the characters of the plot, or the resolution leaves a majority of the audience feeling satisfied either in the way things ended or how things progressed to achieve this ending? 
 Yea endings should be happy, the anime could be full of tragedy, but it should atleast end on a good note for the char. 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
