http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?148546-Something-like-Eureka-Seven-FMA
 Something like Eureka Seven / FMA
 Anybody know of any good anime that offer that long journey / adventure type feeling that you get with FMA and Eureka Seven? Been craving a good show like this for a long time now and have yet to find one. I prefer something that isnt currently ongoing and i want something that actually has an ending. Prefer something actiony with good drama and romance is a plus. Here's my anime list to see what shows I have seen. http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces Thanks! 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 Inuyasha should fill yours needs far beyond your hopes in the action/Adventure, long journey aspect, It's epic to say the least. However it Isn't much of a drama, but it has a pretty strong romance aspect throughout the saga, which is handled pretty damn well. It also has the be all, end all of endings(aka Inuyasha the Final Act), something amazing happened, the creator ended up becoming one of the biggest fans of her own creation, and omfg the greatest official ending to anything ever created was the result. "After" you watch the Inuyasha Saga, if you need something else to watch, try Deltora Quest, It's pretty good over all, but It's no where near the lv of the Inuyasha Saga, however it has a very classical style quest format, which you should enjoy. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 06-16-2013 at 10:23 PM. 
 An actiony adventure with elements of drama and romance - I will focus on this since I can't think of anything like Eureka 7 or FMA Katanagatari - not much of a drama though Campione - this falls under the category of ecchi more than anything Buso Renkin - this hits all of the elements you asked but is less mature and more super powery than the other suggestions Casshern Sins - good and pretty deep if you can get through the robot fighting the first few episodes. Dance in the Vampire Bund - good show check it out Jyu Oh Sei - big time adventure while lacking in the other categories Kenichi - Fun martial arts adventure though no sort of drama involved Zetsuen no Tempest - this is probably more what you want to watch if your looking for a serious adventure with themes of drama and romance 

 Well there's Xam'd by the same Studio and a pretty similiar overall plot. I think the cast is way more interesting/likable, but the ending kinda petered out. Still solid though! Skip Eureka 7 AO it was a really terrible sequel. I notice you haven't seen Gun x Sword and it's one of my favorites. Sort of a Trigun vibe with the setting (apocalyptic/futuristic western) but with a lot more solid direction. Actually I might compare it to Xenogears in some ways. The story follows a gunslinger named Van attempting to track down a man with a claw hand who killed his bride on the altar, on the day of their wedding. Thing is, that same clawed man made a lot of other enemies along the way and always seems to be a step or two ahead of Van and the people who end up tagging along for similiar reasons. Great conclusion and some very cool mech designs to boot. 

