http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155679-Recent-Gaming-Purchases/page4
 Recent Gaming Purchases? - Page 4
 Originally Posted by hireshi Bought 18 GameBoy games (forgot which, but includes Zelda, Super Mario Land 2, Turtles, other games..) Super Nintendo; Donkey Kong 1 Donkey Kong 2 Bart's Nightmare Super Mario AllStars Super Mario World Zelda: Link to the past (CIB with secrets) Super Donkey Kong (DKC in Japan) CIB Final Fantasy 1 Two controllers. Nintendo 64: Gamecube styled joystick. One that doesn't get worn out Super Mario land - I take it those are original gameboy games then? Not the color or advance games? I love the old 8 bit and 16bit Nintendo games. N64 and GameCube not so much. I think I was more into PC games the. Xwing and Jedi knight and so on. I gradually shifted back to consoles but mostly Xbox and PlayStation. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Super Mario land - I take it those are original gameboy games then? Not the color or advance games? I love the old 8 bit and 16bit Nintendo games. N64 and GameCube not so much. I think I was more into PC games the. Xwing and Jedi knight and so on. I gradually shifted back to consoles but mostly Xbox and PlayStation. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk All of these games are the originals. I occasionally play computer games, but apart from that and my DS, I think the "newest" console I've got is a PS2. 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 Originally Posted by hireshi All of these games are the originals. I occasionally play computer games, but apart from that and my DS, I think the "newest" console I've got is a PS2. You mean gameboy originals right? As for myself I have a ps2 in storage (a box). I have a ps3, 360 and just got a Xbox one. Looking forward to assassins creed unity, have it on preorder. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I just bought Dark souls 2 (Love it) was challenging as melee, but then I made a mage, long story short magic is so OP. I also got metro last light, it was cheap and I liked the first one metro 2033 and so far it's good. Lastly I got castlevania lord of shadows, I was expecting this game to be like darksiders or god of war(loved these games alot), unfortunately it's not as good as either of them and I HATE how you can't control the camera, any game where I can't control the camera just annoys me. 
 Best Anime!!
 Just got myself a new ps3 haven't played since like last October so I'm going a little nuts and don't know what to play first. I did just download final fantasy X remastered, so looking forward to playing that again... not sure if I'll put in the 360+ hours I did last time though... Also came with ffx-2... I'm not in any rush to play that lol Also just bought far cry 3 which I'm playing now. I'm enjoying the story, but I always feel mission based sandbox games like that a little a little to clunky to get really immersed in... fun though. We'll see how it goes 

 Just picked up fire emblem on the GBA, pretty excited for that 

 https://www.humblebundle.com/ Recently bought a game package on this site. its also for da charity =D 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/TehMusicx
 I currently have Persona 4 Ultimax on reserve at Gamestop. In about a week I can finish paying it off and pick it up on it's release date. I'm also planning on purchasing Diablo 3: Reaper of Souls. I watched my roommate play it and it looks like a total revision on the original Diablo 3, with weapon enchantments, weapon creation, bounty missions, and a survival mode. If things go well, I might even buy Assassin's Creed 4 next month as well. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 @game over - you'll LOVE ac4 black flag!!! There is nothing more satisfying than broadsiding a ship and boarding it! Except maybe sinking em Just bought a vita and uncharted for vita. I'll get the sao game when the psn is back up. Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Last two purchases were Ar Tonelico Qoga (PS3) and Sword Art Hollow Fragment (PSVITA). 
 I haven't bought it yet but i"m disappointed about my assassins creed unity preorder. Just found out it was pushed back to 11/11 instead of the original 10/28 release date. DOH! Now I'll be buying that and Halo Master Chief Collection on the same day........ Ouch....... (preordered both for the xbox one) 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Haven't bought them yet but ive been trying to find the Naruto games aswell as bravely default, no luck so far in stores 
 Best Anime!!
 Being the Pokemon Master I am, I preorder Pokemon Alpha Sapphire. Not sure if this counts, but I'm planning on purchasing GTA V for PC after I find out what OS(s) it will be released on. 
  Spoiler 
 Bought Tales of Xillia 2. It's better than the first game so far, IMO. Lots of choices. Only complaints...  Spoiler The awful music early on (if anyone thinks it's map songs are good I will be very surprised) and the (non existent) exploration is rather lame too, IMO. Elle is also the most annoying little girl ever....IMO. Is it possible to like such a brat? -_- Other than that, great game. ^_^ 
 Got the Humble Bundle for The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing ($1.00 can't beat it). It's pretty darn good for an indie game! Also Sims4 (shared Steam game ftw ). 
 Picked up Professor Layton vs. Phoenix Wright last Friday. Loving it so far and they did a good job writing a story that integrates both series. 
 
 The Elder Scrolls 2: Daggerfall. Required me to download a DOS emulator, but it is expansively large and is extremely awesome for a late 90's computer game. 

 I purchased Pokemon Alpha Sapphire for the Nintendo 2DS, personally I prefer the general look for the 2DS and Sapphire was one of my favorite in the entire franchise. I also hope that I get the mystery gift on the first day it comes out, it's supposedly a shiny Beldum. 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
 Originally Posted by Birthday I purchased Pokemon Alpha Sapphire for the Nintendo 2DS, personally I prefer the general look for the 2DS and Sapphire was one of my favorite in the entire franchise. I also hope that I get the mystery gift on the first day it comes out, it's supposedly a shiny Beldum. What wait, I thought that was not out till November? Oh nevermind, your first sentence threw me off! I'm hesitant to buy a new Pokemon after X, since it was really easy.. but that Mega Altaria is tempting me, hehe. I like the 3DS over the 2DS mainly because I can easily fit it in my pocket and not need a carrying case to prevent scratching it. That's my main gripe of portables in general though..scratching the screen. I hate dust and scratches on the screen! X_X Originally Posted by Many_Fall_But_One_Remains The Elder Scrolls 2: Daggerfall. Required me to download a DOS emulator, but it is expansively large and is extremely awesome for a late 90's computer game. Whoa, old school. I never went back that far with the TES series. I always worried the combat was worse than Morrowind's so I never went backwards. Have you tried the ESO MMO? 
 @raven dove - there must be an invisishield for the 3ds and 2ds. I just bought one for the vita. Haven't put it on yet though. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I never have issues with 3DS since it has the clam close. I do however have a plastic shield over the bottom touch area to prevent finger print issues. 2DS doesn't matter much since I already have the 3DS. ^^; Still after scratching my old portables I have become paranoid of scratching the newer (much more expensive) ones. Oh yea, a recent game "purchase" I had yesterday was Valkyrie Crusade for the iOS. 
 Last edited by Raven Dove; 09-07-2014 at 11:26 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove What wait, I thought that was not out till November? Oh nevermind, your first sentence threw me off! I'm hesitant to buy a new Pokemon after X, since it was really easy.. but that Mega Altaria is tempting me, hehe. I like the 3DS over the 2DS mainly because I can easily fit it in my pocket and not need a carrying case to prevent scratching it. That's my main gripe of portables in general though..scratching the screen. I hate dust and scratches on the screen! X_X Whoa, old school. I never went back that far with the TES series. I always worried the combat was worse than Morrowind's so I never went backwards. Have you tried the ESO MMO? I preordered it, and yes Mega Altaria looks OP 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove Whoa, old school. I never went back that far with the TES series. I always worried the combat was worse than Morrowind's so I never went backwards. Have you tried the ESO MMO? Morrowinds combat system did suck (in low levels you NEVER hit and at high levels you could just kill anything) but Morrowind did have Tribunal and Bloodmoon, which are some of my favorite expansions of any TES game. Daggerfalls combat us much better than Morrowind. You always make a hit, and the weapons are appropriately powered. And no I havent tried the ESO MMO. Ive heard that it sucks. Do you think its any good? 

 I just ordered Hitman HD Trilogy (PS3) for $21.02 New from Amazon . As for my plans of saving up for a $200 refurbished Wii U, I've decided to push back my purchase until Spring 2015. My first games will probably be Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate and The Wonderful 101. I really want to play The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD, but it still has an insane $40-$50 New price tag, even though it's been over a year now. 
 Last edited by Toddler Naruto; 11-29-2014 at 02:05 AM. 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 Autumn sale is going on, so i went ahead and made some purchases (even though i know i shouldnt) -100% Orange Juice -Wargame: European Escalation -Blitzkrieg 2 Anthology -Battle Group 2 -Danmaku Unlimited 2 -Zombie Driver HD -The Bridge -Fleet Command And previous to that, I bought: -9.03m (short but SUPER feely) -Boson X -Gunman Clive -KAMI -Pressured and -Super Hexagon 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
