http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?119803-Best-Romance-Anime-Series!!/page6
 Best Romance Anime Series!! - Page 6
 Originally Posted by Fate_ Dude, it's definetely Golden Time. It's still airing, but you know what? It's just flawless. oh? i havent watched this yet. but from the enthusiasm people give for this i might try it 
 I've read the Golden Time manga. There's about 20 chapters or so. For some reason I didn't really get into it, it wasn't all that interesting to me. My favorite romance is probably Clannad. It even goes into after high school unlike many shows. Mirai Nikki is also good, and its technically romance, but a bit screwed up. 

 Zero No Tsukaima is ONE of my favorite romance animes. It has a perfect mix of action and romance while it has PLENTY of episodes to actually develop a romance plot. Many romance animes are only 26 episodes or so while zero no tsukaima is 40+ episodes long. Personally romance should have at least 36 episodes to fully develop characters and in animes like Clannad, Zero, and highschool dxd (making a season 3). Those animes all have at least 30 episodes and they develop everything. Love Hina is another example. It has around 30 episodes if you count all the specials and whatnot. Love Hina unlike other romanes developed everything it need to develop. BUT the best romance anime of all time is Toradora: hands down. It develops all the characters thoughtfully while keeping an interesting plot. Golden Time is pretty good but I don't love it as much as other romance animes. I mean Golden Time is definitely good but the romance is too boring in my opinion. It's only episode 12 though so things should get more interesting soon :3. 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Tough to choose, i mean i pretty much only watch romance stuff, but i gotta say zero no tsukaima and clannad are some of my favorite tho its not super romancy, oreimo was good and had me laughing A LOT Guilty Crown had a good romance side plot Finally mirai nikki was fantastic, gotta love that yandere <3 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Some of my favorites: Eureka Seven, Ano Hana, School Rumble, Golden Time (Current series), and ToraDora are some of my favorites off the top of my head. 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 I cried for Clannad.... had to post that... 

 I really enjoyed Golden Time. It may not be the best, but you should definitely give it a try 
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo Zero No Tsukaima is ONE of my favorite romance animes. It has a perfect mix of action and romance while it has PLENTY of episodes to actually develop a romance plot. Many romance animes are only 26 episodes or so while zero no tsukaima is 40+ episodes long. Personally romance should have at least 36 episodes to fully develop characters and in animes like Clannad, Zero, and highschool dxd (making a season 3). Those animes all have at least 30 episodes and they develop everything. Love Hina is another example. It has around 30 episodes if you count all the specials and whatnot. Love Hina unlike other romanes developed everything it need to develop. BUT the best romance anime of all time is Toradora: hands down. It develops all the characters thoughtfully while keeping an interesting plot. Golden Time is pretty good but I don't love it as much as other romance animes. I mean Golden Time is definitely good but the romance is too boring in my opinion. It's only episode 12 though so things should get more interesting soon :3. I would vote that as my 2nd favorite, so It's pretty good(better then most, for reasons you already listed), I just wish the writers didn't ruin the end of every romance scene with a bad boob joke/outburst. It not only ruins the end of some epically great scenes, but having Saito do such at the worst possible time, makes him seem like the dumbest guy ever. Luckily the romance scenes in this tend to be pretty long, so the ending of the scene being ruined, doesn't ruin the entire scene(just ruins the ending thankfully), but still It's a bad time to throw in a joke, especially that kind of joke. Seriously, you should check out Inuyasha+the 4 movies+Inuyasha The Final Act. While Zero No Tsukaima is easily the second best(kind of sad when you consider how huge the Romance genre is, if not the 2nd biggest genre, It's easily the 3rd biggest, but sadly as you pointed out most romance anime are too small. Also another thing I have noticed, a lot of newer so called romance anime are also full of ecchi crap), with some really great scenes, Inuyasha+Inuyasha the Final Act is just on a whole other level, the Romance aspect is truly epic, and developed nicely through out the series, with the romance scenes being perfectly designed(nevermind the be all, end all of soundtracks enhancing the mood/scenes even more so). 
 I have only watched "Kimi ni todoke" and "Lovely complex" in that genre..so I can only recommend those. ^^" 
 
 The best romance anime i've ever seen was NANA. It has about 50+ episodes and I never seen something as good as this anime, even though they stopped at the middle ): They stopped not because the anime was not good enough or it didn't have enough fans, they stopped because the woman who made the manga suddenly got ill. The manga is also fantastic. I also loved Mai HimE (it's action with a love story develpoing between the main characters) and Bakura ga Ita (high school love story). And of course, many other animes that you all have probably have seen already, like Elfen Leid and Chobits 

 I liked Kuragehime and Kotoura-san, very light hearted ^^ 
 Kimagure Orange Road is still a classic to me, (especially because of how dated it is now because I grew up in the late 80s.) Another good one worth checking out is the show it was most frequently compared to, Maison Ikkoku. This one is a bit obscure nowadays but The Blue Green Years is a really underrated one. It's basically The Wonder Years through the eyes of a girl. 
 haganai, hands down 

 ano hana was pretty good,kimi no todoke aaaaand romeo x juliet.. =) 
 I'd like to give an honorable mention to b gata h kie yamadas first time 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I liked seo kouji's romance manga a town where you live suzuka and now following fuuka. Some other romance animes i like are my mysterious girlfriend x, school rumble, nisekoi, sankarea, haganai, bokura ga ita, koutora-san, my little monster, clannad as, ano hana, tasogare otome x amnesia oh and one of my favorite too is bakuman aw this one so good. 
 I don't know about the best, but a personal favorite of mine is Kimi ni Todoke (From Me to You). 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Originally Posted by Willow_(: The best romance anime i've ever seen was NANA. It has about 50+ episodes and I never seen something as good as this anime, even though they stopped at the middle ): They stopped not because the anime was not good enough or it didn't have enough fans, they stopped because the woman who made the manga suddenly got ill. The manga is also fantastic. I also loved Mai HimE (it's action with a love story develpoing between the main characters) and Bakura ga Ita (high school love story). And of course, many other animes that you all have probably have seen already, like Elfen Leid and Chobits I doubt it can even hold a candle to Inuyasha, but Nana has me very interested. What is even more of a hint it probally is very good, is it was made by madhouse, whom utterly suck when they do their thing. However the odd thing is, whenever Madhouse makes a anime outside of the generes they are known for, they're pretty much always very good. I must admit, I'm kind of worried that music is listed as one of its genres though. Oh goody, as if 50+ anime on my want to watch list wasn't enough anime as is, thank you very much lol. 
 I will check out Inuyasha. I've heard great things about it and I've never started it. Thank you :3 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 Originally Posted by ScaryHobo I will check out Inuyasha. I've heard great things about it and I've never started it. Thank you :3 Make sure you watch it dubbed(it has a dream team of VA, while the Japanese cast is pretty bad), also don't forget the Final Act, which is the actual ending to Inuyasha(it took 5 year to write, so it was released separately from the orginal series, and title Inuyasha: the Final Act, so people would know a ending was created). You'll love it for sure There's so many great things about that series, it would take me all day to list everything going for it. To Willow: WTF do you have me watching lol. I don't think I have ever seen a first ep of a series be as emo as this. It's like reading a school girl's diary(literally). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 05-27-2014 at 06:18 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Haruki-kun Good ol' Fushigi Yuugi. I agree with Fushigi Yuugi. Bokura Ga Ita has some intense angst drama romance while Kimi ni Todoke is good too. 
~i draw and tweet
 Originally Posted by kibumie I agree with Fushigi Yuugi. Bokura Ga Ita has some intense angst drama romance while Kimi ni Todoke is good too. That's a good series(nothing ground breaking, but definitely worth the watch), but I don't recall the romance aspect even being noteworthy, nevermind especially good. Although I only watched it once so far, so perhaps I'm forgetting something. 
 Lovely Complex Ouran High School Host Club 

 Eh, because every once in a while, we enjoy watching a cheesy and cliche-ic... Toradora is the one. I wouldnt really call it the best but its up there. Plus, i feel that in the world of romance animes, Toradora is up there [somewhere .-.]. Sword Art Online [in the case the 'argument' has been started] is another good anime that has the romance element blended in. But if you like twisted or weird relationships, Elfen Lied (if you can handle the gore) is pretty tragic in my opinion :L 
"If there is any hope, it lies with the proles" ~ Winston Smith  Spoiler War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
 Lots of thumbs up for imuyasha ( spelled it wrong, I believe) I will have to check it out after I finish kingdom tonight. 
 Created by norwegianmoose
