http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150001-Hi!
 Hi!
 Hi the name is candidiva. I haven't been on a anime forum site in long time so I hope I enjoy this site! I enjoy all genres of anime and manga, as long as you have a good plot My favarite anime: Code Geass (G.O.A.T in my opinion), Naruto, and Rainbow: Nisha Rokubō no Shichinin I am watching and reading Attack on Titan and I'm loving it. I currently read Tower of God, Naruto, Bleach, Attack on Titan, Break Blade, 07 Ghost and Zetman Besides anime, I love to also watch soccer and I an avid movie lover. Enjoy!! 
 
 Welcome to A4. I hope you enjoy your stay here. See you around. 
 © 
 Welcome to A4 ^^ I hope you enjoy your stay Attack on Titan is good XD 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Welcome to A4, and I hope you will enjoy it here in this forum 
  Spoiler 
 thank you guys i hope I enjoy this site too 
 
 Welcome to A4. Is tower of god good? I've heard of it before. Have fun. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Welcome to A4. Is tower of god good? I've heard of it before. Have fun. IT'S AMAZING! If you read Naruto, Bleach or Fairy Tail and sometime the plot annoys you, ToG will not let you down. The plot is just so consistent. I actually plan on writing a review about it on this site. I hope you read it! 
 
 Hello Candid! Welcome to A4 n___n! Pleas enjoy your stay here on A4 ^^ 
 
 Welcome to A4!!! I am also watching Attack on Titan, its AMAZING. Nice to meet you 

 Welcome to the site, hope you enjoy it here I need to read tower of good 

 welcome to A4. I haven't seen Attack on Titan. But I'm gonna watch it soon. Enjoy your stay. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Welcome and enjoy your stay 
 thanks guys 
 
