http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?160017-Looking-for-Complex-Animes
 Looking for Complex Animes
 Animes I've seen: Ergo Proxy jyu oh sei: Planet of the beast king No Game No Life Sword art online Claymore soul eater berserk I'm looking for something similar to jyu oh sei or no game no life where everything in the anime kinda feels new like youre experiencing it for the first time with the characters. Something interesting or complex where it makes you want to watch more, like the complexity in naruto where it explains the attacks and that sort of detail is nice. I find myself looking for something a little more complex after watching a lot of whats on crunchyroll. I'm also looking for anything worth watching that I might have missed movie or anime series. anything noteworthy any and all recommendations appreciated 
 Serial experiments lain Melody of oblivion Ghost hound Amnesia Red garden 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I've only seen a fleeting glimpse of No Game No Life, but based on the general outline of it, you might like Gambling Apocalypse Kaiji. It's about a gambling-addicted loser, forced by loan-sharks to participate in a series of increasingly bizarre high-stakes challenges to repay his debts. It's not a pretty show to look at, but Kaiji's 'out-of-the-frying-pan-into-the-fire' style struggle to outwit his yakuza masters is utterly compelling throughout. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Based on the anime listed (assuming you liked all of them) I recommend: Texhnolyze Attack on Titan Mushishi Steins Gate It's a pretty diverse list so you may not neccessarilly like all four but it'll give you a taste of what's out there. If you've watched them come back here and tell me which ones you liked. I'll probably be able to give better and more recs based on that. Also it's funny that when you describe the kind of series you're looking for you don't mention Ergo Proxy despite the fact that it's one of the most complex shows ever. At least in my opinion. 
 Last edited by Kerberos; 02-13-2015 at 02:25 PM. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
