http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?145995-Xbox-One-Discussion/page4
 Xbox One Discussion - Page 4
 Originally Posted by mummified in bong water What this would benefit is third party software producers. It was already seen before with EA, slipping the sheets into new games with something to unlock on EA's network, or whatever they use (not Origin, just whatever they were using with XBox games). Buy used, chances are that slip had already been used to unlock it on someone else's account. This would only be a (much) more straightforward approach to cutting down on used sales. Pushing buyers to shell out the $5 for the new sealed copy when they're at GameStop (sorry, if that extra $5 is out of your budget you should probably be spending money on something more essential than games anyways, though I'm only using GameStop's awful used game sales model here, which accounts for the majority of used sales though) and keeping that money in devs pockets. I don't think anyone is bothered by having to pay $5 more for a new game rather than a lightly used new game. It's the $20-40 more that people will need to pay to play games that are months or years old. Unless the pricing model for new games is greatly changed, and new games drop in price significantly faster than they currently do (extremely unlikely), people have a very good reason to complain about this choice of Microsoft's. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Pass_The_M Only in the corporate world is sharing considered greed. Originally Posted by Seta Souji The issue isn't letting someone borrow your game and complaining about not being able to play it while it is at a friend's place. The issue is having to pay extra money for something that has already been paid for and is currently in possession of the owner. THAT is called greed my friend. And who are you to say what people shouldn't be spending their money on. There have been plenty of games I've bought used for my PS3 and I have never had a problem with either one of them. I had the money to buy a new copy each time but why WASTE money when that extra five bucks could go towards something else. Its not like Gamestop doesn't have a return policy for their used games. Awhile ago on this forum, someone brought up a good example of this whole used game dilemma. If you bought a lawnmower from someone, used it, and decided to let a friend use it, how would you feel if the original owner came by demanding a fee for your friend to use it? Sounds pretty silly to me. Microsoft is looking for a way to make a quick buck and you're too blind to see that. ITT people that don't know the difference between tangible and intellectual property. (And honestly, if you want to buy products put out by corporations, you'll have to expect them to try and enforce rules of the corporate world with their property. Don't be dumb.) Originally Posted by Struggler I don't think anyone is bothered by having to pay $5 more for a new game rather than a lightly used new game. It's the $20-40 more that people will need to pay to play games that are months or years old. Unless the pricing model for new games is greatly changed, and new games drop in price significantly faster than they currently do (extremely unlikely), people have a very good reason to complain about this choice of Microsoft's. The $20-40 more on top of what? Did you even look at the article I posted? What choice of Microsoft's? To run authenticity checks at regular intervals so that you can't play off the same disc/license from two locations? Personally, just like everyone else, I'm guilty as hell of abusing software licensing. In an age of interwebz and torrents, it's the norm. Does that mean that the IP holder shouldn't attempt to protect their property so that I can't do that at whatever cost they see fit? No. This isn't a case of being charged to take your game to someone else's house to play. Or paying double for a used game at GameStop. If you keep up with current news, that's not what's happening at all. I can't go on Amazon and buy a Borderlands 2 digital copy, and use the serial on two Steam accounts, I shouldn't expect to with an XBox game (and honestly, I don't think anyone here thinks they should either, I think everyone's just jumping at the "XBOX WANTS TO CHARGE YOU TWICE FOR THE SAME GAME" bait). Sorry, I just think that whether it's whoever is making it and the current Call of Duty game, or Polytron Corporation and Fez, it's not crazy for a group to want to see a return on their spending. 
 Last edited by Doctor Strange; 05-29-2013 at 04:01 PM. 

 Has anyone considered what this will look like in the long term? Say 50 years from now? It seems to me that a lot of these systems being put into place for the Xbox One are very reliant on Mircosoft's services through the Internet. A good example is the used games system that Microsoft could be implementing. I've seen a lot of things thrown around about how it might work, but nothing really concrete yet. I am however quite certain that there is going to be some form of authentication either through your box or the retailer you are getting the used game from. With a system like this, your ability to play a used game is in Microsoft's hands. We know that games do not stay in print forever. I can't go down to GameStop and buy Ocarina of Time for N64 brand new today, so I would have to buy it used (Not from GameStop, but you see what I am saying). Now say there is a game, we will call it Super Ultra Mega Innovation, that comes out exclusively to the Xbox One. A few years pass, and this game is now out of print. The only way to get it is to buy it used. The way the system is probably going to work is at some point the retailer is going to unauthenticate the game from who ever had it before so that some one new can play the game. In the course of the Xbox One's life cycle this is not going to be a problem, but say it is 50 years from now. Is Microsoft still going to support this unauthentication and reauthentication? Am I still going to be able to play Super Ultra Mega Innovation? I am thinking no. I think that they are going to end up dropping the servers that run these systems at some point just they drop multiplayer servers. This also goes for any service or system Microsoft is using for the Xbox One, and I am looking at Xbox Live. But what do I know? I am just a crazy teenager who tends to rage on the Internet. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
