http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118806-League-of-Legends/page214
 League of Legends - Page 214
 Man I have to say Lux is pretty fun to play with. Been having fun tinkering with her since shes free. And I think I finally learned how to play support nunu. Once I stopped trying to build him like an ap nuker (dont ask why I did it cuz I honestly dont know :/) I actually started doing well with him. And just for lolz..... Nerf Flash....  Spoiler 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Originally Posted by Struggler I think their entire strategy going into the final game was a bad one. Pretty much everything relied on Kog in fights, and it didn't work for them. Genja is one of the best Kog players I've seen, and M5 is definitely capable of pulling off that plan of theirs, but it's easily recognized from the beginning what that plan was, which makes it easier to counter from the beginning of the game. If they had just gone with a strong, well-rounded team comp I think they would have stood a greater chance at winning than running their protect-the-Kog'maw comp that they decided to go with. As far as the finals go, I think Azubu Frost stand a very strong chance of winning. The Korean meta is far more aggressive than any other--even among other SE Asian and Chinese teams it seems--and I think they could pull off a win. Though, I'm really not all that familiar with TPA, since the only games I've seen of theirs were against M5, and I think I caught the second half of their last game against NaJin Sword. My bet is definitely on Azubu. They managed to beat TSM 2-0 which is a pretty good feat in its own and also beat CLG. Though I wonder how this new aggressive meta will be countered or one that can at least be par on. It doesn't seem like passively seating around is gonna go well anymore or make for an interesting fight. 
 Im not to good with flat out melee types. Especially trynd..... Im happy to say I did pretty alright with him this game.  Spoiler Although the other teams trynd had more kills than me, he pretty much got pwned everytime we went against each other. Stupid pantheon ended up feeding him the most.....as well as everybody else. Meh, we got the victory so whateva. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 AF vs TPA on now!!!! Player introductions were probably only like 4/10 on the awkward scale which isn't too bad all things considered. The trophy looks amazing. Absolutely stunning construction on that thing. Looking forward to the games. 
 Pretty good first game! Was sad to see TPA lose it, but Maokai just wasn't as effective mid-late as Amumu with those ults in team fights, Toyz was really ineffective on Anivia and just seemed to get caught and egged every time, and the Vayne just couldn't seem to get on top of anyone or survive long enough to clean up. The Karthus pick worked out really well for AF. 

 I was watching the first game passively while watching tv, and early on I was sure TPA would snowball hard since Vayne got off to a quick 4-1 start, with the rest of the team doing well also. But AzF really turned it around in the teamfights. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 So TPA out laned Azubu in every game, even the one they lost. Once they took Karthus away it looked pretty easy for them. Also, TPA's mid laner is ridiculous and Azubu is really stupid for giving him Orianna. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Code for the S2 icon is 521337. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 TPA completely outclassed Azubu Frost in every way possible. Dat Karthus farm in second game and that Orianna, 2 faking stronk. 
"You only live once" "Smoke weed everyday"
 TPA played really well. I honestly had full confidence in AF to take the finals, but I was wrong again. I really should start taking TPA more serious because they surprise me at every turn. 
 Yes! I hate Azubu atleast TPA won lol! 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 http://www.ultimate-bravery.com/?lang=en Ultimate Bravery, select your champion select a random lane and multiple items. press bring it on, do the item build and lane in a game, post results here =P Do it if you dare. =D 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I've been watching streams where people were playing that, but have yet to do it myself. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I took the challenge. My given build : http://www.ultimate-bravery.com/ub.p...lane=2&lang=en Mercury's Tread *I forgot which boots to buy so I went for Ionians lol* , Guinsoo's rageblade, Infinity Edge, Ionian's spark, Hextech Gunblade, Phantom Dancer. Summoners: Teleport Flash Lane: Mid lane Also bought all items in the right order but swapped some in my inventory slot for keybindings. Server: EUW *trolling all those Europeans with Azubu frost logo trolololol. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Azubu lost but still looks pretty strong. Cloud Templar has to go. The Amumu was his best and he had so many mistake even then.... 

 Azubu frost is great at teamfighting. But tap is good individually and also really good colectively. I agree the dumbest they did was give toyz orianna. That guys is the most ridiculous mid ever. 104 cs at 9 minutes. Wtf. 
 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos Azubu lost but still looks pretty strong. Cloud Templar has to go. The Amumu was his best and he had so many mistake even then.... The problem wasn't CT. The problem was Woong. Dude played like absolute trash the entire finals. Cloud Templar was the reason AF got to the finals. He makes all the calls. AF would be unstoppable if Loco had stayed and they dropped Woong from top for Shy and had Cloud Templar make all the calls. 
 
 Originally Posted by DcRising The problem wasn't CT. The problem was Woong. Dude played like absolute trash the entire finals. Cloud Templar was the reason AF got to the finals. He makes all the calls. AF would be unstoppable if Loco had stayed and they dropped Woong from top for Shy and had Cloud Templar make all the calls. Woong is great when he's free to look at the giant minimap screen. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Kog easily has the most damage output out of any AD. I just went 29/6 with him. I never thought I could carry this hard in as kog given the enemy team had really spread out kills. Where is my team I was the only who was fed. I still penta my way to victory. The damage was insane. 
 Meh.  Spoiler This patch, we’ll welcome a champion with a lot of history into the League of Legends lineup: Elise, the Spider Queen. Originally concepted over three years ago, Elise proved to be a challenging champion to fully realize. Finally coming together as a transform champion, Elise has the ability to assume the form of either a regal mage or a deadly spider assassin.  Spoiler Abilities (Human form): Spider Swarm (Passive): Elise’s Human Form spells will ready a spiderling when cast on an enemy.Neurotoxin: Elise damages a target based on its current Health.Volatile Spiderling: Elise releases a venom-gorged spiderling that explodes when it nears a target.Cocoon: Elise fires a skillshot that stuns the first enemy struck.Spider Form: Elise transforms into a menacing spider with new abilities. While in Spider Form, Elise deals magic bonus damage on attack and has increased Movement Speed, Armor, and Magic Resistance. Each level of her ultimate allows Elise to summon an additional spiderling. Abilities (Spider Form): Spider Swarm (Passive): Elise summons her spiderlings to fight by her side. Spiderlings deal physical damage and take reduced damage from multi-target abilities.Venomous Bite: Elise lunges forward and bites her target, slowing them and dealing bonus damage based on how low its Health is.Skittering Frenzy: Elise and her spiderlings gain Attack Speed and heal her on each attack.Rappel: On enemy cast: Elise and her spiderlings ascend high into the air and descend upon an enemy target.On ground cast: Elise and her spiderlings ascend high into the air, becoming untargetable for two seconds. Casting Rappel on a nearby enemy during this time will descend upon your target. Human Form: Elise transforms into a human form with new abilities. Each level of her ultimate allows Elise to summon an additional spiderling. Like all transform champions, successfully playing Elise involves balancing two distinct kits. More than any of her counterparts, however, the Spider Queen’s two forms embody distinct, but complimentary roles. Unlike Jayce, whose kit emphasizes flowing smoothly between ranged and melee skillsets, or Nidalee, who uses her cougar mobility to split push and create distance for her long ranged attacks, Elise’s two ability sets separate definitively into mage and assassin roles. In her human mage form, Elise specializes in keeping her distance using low-cooldown nukes and crowd control abilities. Her spells emphasize wearing down high-health targets in preparation for a brutal finish in spider form. At the heart of this gameplay is Neurotoxin which deals damage based on the opponent’s current health. While in this form, she also generates a spiderling each time she casts a spell. Upon transformation into a spider, she summons these spiderlings to fight alongside her. Investing the time to build up your minion count is essential to performing a perfect assassination. Once she’s switched to her spider assassin form, Elise’s kit takes on an entirely different theme. She gains a number of bonuses to her melee capabilities, and her spiderlings become active to help rapidly damage an opponent. Using Rappel, she can ascend above the battlefield, vanishing from sight and becoming untargetable for a short duration. Once she’s suspended, she can lower herself upon a nearby target, surrounding them with spiderlings. Boosting her minions’ Attack Speed with Skittering Frenzy can quickly burst down a surrounded enemy, leaving them vulnerable to execution with ¬Venomous Bite. Using both spider and human form effectively is the key to making the most out of the Spider Queen. Having the good judgment to stay safe in your mage form while you fight to create the opportunity for a clean spider kill will make or break your success on the Fields of Justice.  Spoiler Lore: Vicious and elegant, Elise's charismatic grace lures the innocent and greedy alike into her web of deceit. While her victims may discover her true intentions, no one has ever lived to reveal what dark secrets lie behind her enigmatic guise. In dark halls, hidden from society, Elise preached the word of a mythical spider god. Her desperate followers hungered for the god's favor, believing its blessings to be the source of Elise's vibrance and power. When Elise proclaimed that she would lead a pilgrimage to the spider god's shrine, she selected only her most devout disciples to join her. Ecstatic, the chosen few followed her blindly as she led them on a perilous journey across the sea. When they came ashore at their final destination, the mysterious Shadow Isles, Elise led them to a cavern shrouded in webs. Expecting a shrine, the group looked to their priestess in confusion. She turned to the crowd and raised her arms in triumph, revealing strange, spiderlike legs that grew out of her back. Seeing her terrifying true form for the first time, Elise's followers turned to flee, but she conjured magical webs to trap them. With her victims ensnared, she turned to face the cave and uttered a screeching cry. An enormous undead spider-beast emerged from the darkness, dragging its hideous bulk on thick, pointed legs. Elise's followers could only scream as the monstrous spider ate them alive. She approached the sated creature, extracted its venom, and drank the strange substance. An immediate sense of rejuvenation flowed through her veins. With mortality delayed once again, Elise left to rejoin her congregation. They were overjoyed to hear that their fellows had chosen to remain at the spider god's sacred home. Elise reassured her disciples that she would lead another pilgrimage in due time. The spider god would be waiting. "The truly faithful need not fear the spider's embrace." – Elise http://na.leagueoflegends.com/news/e...queen-revealed Also this: http://promo.leagueoflegends.com/shadow-isles/en.html 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Could've made a drider, just another sexy lady. Oh well. Spider form is kinda cool at least. http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/....php?t=2692224 That Ezrael nerf lol, he only has three skills now. Not a fan of the blitz nerfs from the sound of it considering he's not all that naturally tanky in my opinion. Rest of the changes seem pretty reasonable. 

 Man, triforce, one of my favorite items takes a nerf. Then Jayce, one of my favorite champs takes a nerf. I got screwed this patch, double screwed in fact because triforce is like Jayce's main focus item. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Well Jayce was massively OP, sorry. He had no counters and playing safe wasn't even an option considering how ridiculous his poke is, and ganking him was incredibly difficult. He needed to be toned down; he'll still be pretty strong though. I mean I like a lot of the ideas that went into his kit, he was just given way too much utility. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Well Jayce was massively OP, sorry. He had no counters and playing safe wasn't even an option considering how ridiculous his poke is, and ganking him was incredibly difficult. He needed to be toned down; he'll still be pretty strong though. I mean I like a lot of the ideas that went into his kit, he was just given way too much utility. Not my fault if folks cant dodge a giant blue ball of f*ck. No but yeah he was pretty op, lol he needs the nerfs, it just sucks whenever your preferred champs take hits. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Hell, the giant blue ball isn't so bad if he already has the gate down when he fires it or is simply shooting it by itself. But being able to fire the shot, then toss down his gate and accelerate the f*cking thing is so obnoxious. I feel like they need to make some adjustments to the way his gate interacts with a number of things though. 

