http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?156169-Fairy-Tail-(2014)/page3
[Fantasy] Fairy Tail (2014) - Page 3
 I'm so disappointed this wasn't the episode I was waiting for either , but the next one is! I just know it !! But at least this episode was awesome ! Zirconis power is hilarious . I love how Fairy Tail can make death/life situations funny ... I was laughing so hard ... and Jellal and Erza are so cute !! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 I guess we are waiting for the same thing to happen but I think it will be 1more episode before that 
 Originally Posted by hseries I guess we are waiting for the same thing to happen but I think it will be 1more episode before that What episode are you waiting for ? 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Originally Posted by J4sm1n4 What episode are you waiting for ? Waiting for the human counterattack. 
 The Episode was great !  Spoiler Natsu eating the fire Dragons flames ! amazing ! and then calling him Uncle The faces of Laxus and his team when they saw Natsu eating the flames was just priceless. 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Fairytail 197 was great.  Spoiler Who knew that turning time back 1 minute could save that many people. 
 I love Fairy Tail. I'm just at episode 20 of this series, but I watch almost every night an episode But do we have two separate seasons, or are the "Fairy Tail 2014" episodes based on a new story?? Btw, I even don't care, but it was just a question... Greetz, Rik 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Damn When I knew about it, I almost **** in my pants.. Time to go burn~~~ 
 Credits to: NGE Naru A light world cannot appear without Darkness~~ Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Such moving episode . Even thought I read this scene in manga it still made me cry now .Ultear is amazing (T.T) 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 She always cursed her own life, With anxiety and fury that she couldn't hold back, and hatred. But when she stopped to look up at the sky, She realized how small she was. And an infinite world spread out before her. A sunbeam illuminated her insignificant form. It was as if a kind shower of light washed away her sins. For the first time in her life, she felt grateful to have been born. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Uh oh! The new Celestial Spirits of the Zodiac are trouble! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I have to buy the first two bluray collections now!! I just finished episode 7 and am in love with the show. But stupid crunchyroll doesn't have episodes 13 through 48! I have to buy the blurays now! But they have everything else so I'm just getting the first two collections. This is like dragonar academy and highschool dxd combined! But with less overt ecchiness. But still it's a great time! Can't stop smiling while I'm watching it. I mean the magic of dragonar academy, so far at least natsu doesn't have his dragon buddy with him. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Loving the plot involving the celestial spirits. 

 Its all on funimation!!!! Woohooo!!! I don't have to buy the blurays!!!! Yeah! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
