http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158172-Thoughts-on-The-Walking-Dead-Season-Two-Endings
 Thoughts on The Walking Dead Season Two Endings
  Spoiler I like how the first was more or less defining who Lee was, while season two is about who Clementine is eventually going to be. Former always looking to the past (one of his final encounters was some dude his group screwed over back in episode 2, who took note of all the mistakes he made,) while the latter had to adapt and think about what kind of person she is going to become. Though, it's hard to think of Clem as anything other than a wrecking ball in season 2. Her and Lee stayed with a group for at least 3 months without any of them dying (end of episode 1 to the start of episode 2.) But because every episode in season 2 has to have a cliffhanger all the events happen in just over a week. In that time Clementine has joined Luke's group, (who are now all dead,) Kenny's new group, (half of which got killed in the episode they were introduced,) and Carver's grew (and while Carver got what was coming to him, dozens other people probably died due to the zombies.) Not that Clem was directly reasonable for the chaos around her, but she is a main character in a walking dead game so the forces of nature dictate that **** must hit the fan at least every 30 minutes of game time. I don't mean to sound like I hate this season though, on the contrary, I thought this was a very strong episode. I especially liked the scene where Clem and Jane were talking by the window while Kenny was *****ing about the truck. Just when Jane was about to finish what she was saying - Kenny fixes the truck. Sort of foreshadowing that despite all his faults Kenny will eventually get there, but you have to ignore Jane's accusations. I'm probably reading way too much into it though xD. As for the endings; I killed Kenny, then left Jane so my Clem is looking after AJ alone and thus I picked the worst upbringing for the poor child. I'm guessing there will be a fairly significant gap in the timeline between season 2 and the already confirmed season 3, maybe 5 or so years. Where Clem will end up in the same location and the path you picked will be her back story. Soft of like the "sole survivor, war hero and ruthless" back story options in mass effect. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
