http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?153347-Is-It-Just-Me-Or
[Anime] Is It Just Me Or......
 are there more shallow fanservice shows now than ever before? like compared to any other era in anime history? there seems to be this desperation in the anime industry nowadays to maximize profits while sacrificing any kind of creativity. that means catering soley to the horny otaku/fujoshi while interesting, creative works like flowers of evil fall by the wayside. I understand anime is a business, but are studios taking less and less chances on experimental stuff nowadays? am i just talking out of my ass or are there more perverted fanservice shows than ever? 
 Its one of the reasons why I stopped watching or even caring about anime years ago. The majority of anime today is assembly-line produced and has no soul like it did in the '90s and earlier. Some of the best anime wasn't "experimental" it was just good because of a lot of reasons. Stories had beginnings and ends where each episode contributed to the story instead of running for hundreds of episodes with only a handful of them actually mattering to the story. Characters were complex where now almost every character is a cliche or trope. Every anime today has some metaphysical spin on it about the meaning of life or some other BS that has been done to death. Anime always had fan-service but it was much more subtle where now its flaunted in your face as a selling point. Of course there are exceptions but they're too few to care and they still don't measure to the quality of what came before. 
 Originally Posted by Grey Its one of the reasons why I stopped watching or even caring about anime years ago. The majority of anime today is assembly-line produced and has no soul like it did in the '90s and earlier. Some of the best anime wasn't "experimental" it was just good because of a lot of reasons. Stories had beginnings and ends where each episode contributed to the story instead of running for hundreds of episodes with only a handful of them actually mattering to the story. Characters were complex where now almost every character is a cliche or trope. Every anime today has some metaphysical spin on it about the meaning of life or some other BS that has been done to death. Anime always had fan-service but it was much more subtle where now its flaunted in your face as a selling point. Of course there are exceptions but they're too few to care and they still don't measure to the quality of what came before. This. My speculations are to have an anime with a deep character and storyline, the current 12 episodes per season course, 24 at most, won't be enough. The best chance they have is by hoping for a new season afterwards, but the risks are too high since the DVD has to reach some numbers in sales, and only then they could CONSIDER a continuation of the said series. Back then they don't have a cramped up time slot for animes like now, and not too many competition too, so it's easy to make a long running series with a deep impact on the character and storyline. Nowadays, they chose to play safe and make anime that would profit them the most. But heck, I'm still watching currently animes myself. I just seem to enjoy it. 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 Most of their profits come from DVD sales so anime now a days are restrained by how much money they can make on the cheap; sacrificing actual story to load the anime with fanservice that only preteen boys would love. A 'renaissance' of anime will only occur when the yoke of the DVD is stripped away and the production company stop being pulled by the strings like a marionette by the broadcasters. Unfortunately due to the economy and the general interest of anime in Japan, a revival of the 'deep' anime will only truly occur (fortunately some do make it through the gauntlet and hit the airwaves like Psycho Pass and Gods Memopad for instance) when interest around the world prompt new anime to be produced outside of Japanese borders (A discussion on whether animation outside of Japan can be called anime is another subject for another time) forcing the anime to either be better or risk falling into oblivion and drowning in the endless sea of cookie cutter anime that no one watches anymore. Increasing the consumer base increases the demand and increases the competition, forcing the company to listen more to the consumer if they want to stay financially stable. If we want to truly end this mediocre march of C and D class anime lets create a studio, lure the mangakas to it, and animate their stories without adding the 'beach or onsen episode'. Bad news is that such an act would be financial suicide for it would take a massive investment and several years of loses before it gains steam. 12 episodes is not enough for any decent anime (Noucome actually is only slated for 10 episodes; just when you thought they couldnt get any shorter huh) heck, 24 would just barely do it. Some of the top anime that I have ever watched averaged 50+ episodes but this will be a rarity for a while. 
 Originally Posted by Black_Chamber are there more shallow fanservice shows now than ever before? like compared to any other era in anime history? there seems to be this desperation in the anime industry nowadays to maximize profits while sacrificing any kind of creativity. that means catering soley to the horny otaku/fujoshi while interesting, creative works like flowers of evil fall by the wayside. I understand anime is a business, but are studios taking less and less chances on experimental stuff nowadays? am i just talking out of my ass or are there more perverted fanservice shows than ever? No you're right, most anime is ****. Even stuff like Kill la Kill that's interesting this season contains to much fanservice. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
