http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?122798-Writing-101-The-Art-Of-Not-Sucking
 Writing 101 - The Art Of Not Sucking
 Greetings, kiddies! Today ole' KT is going to dole out some information for your own good concerning the craft of writing. Specifically, I'm going to go over some commonly overlooked basics in an effort to help would-be authors hone their skills and create better stories! I'll even reference anime and manga to illustrate my points seeing as how this is an anime and manga website and most of you will be writing with that stuff in mind anyway. This post will be updated periodically with additional content as I come up with it. As always, feels free to reply and share your thoughts on the subject or perhaps make a suggestion for an entry yourself! This whole thing is a work in progress. Let's dig in! The Three Act Structure  Spoiler It doesn't get any simpler than this: arranging your story into three distinct acts, the beginning, middle, and end. This can do wonders for helping you organize your thoughts, come up with challenges for your characters, and trim the fat. You shouldn't be showing anyone anything you've written until you've got this critical information worked out ahead of time. But does this method make your story better? In a word: yes. But let's go over what you're trying to do with each act in order for benefits of this method to shine on through. Act 1 - The Beginning Simply put, the first act is where you set everything up. This includes the setting, your characters, and the rules of the universe you're writing for, among other things. In this act you introduce the reader to all of the most important parts of your story in their natural state. You tell the reader about the sleepy town that the main character hails from, what sort of activities your characters like to engage themselves in in their spare time, and just generally how people go about living on a normal day. Take "Code Geass" for example. In the first episode we meet LeLouche, a young intellectual who spends his free time hustling people in cut-throat games of chess. When he's not playing board games in shady places he attends school like any young man and sees to the well-being of his little sister. We also meet his friends at school and see how they all interact with one another. It all begins like just another normal day. Of course, things couldn't get more abnormal when all is said and done. Once you've shown the viewer how things work and give them an idea of what to expect you throw the curve ball that leads the story into the second act. This curve ball is commonly known as the "dramatic question", but you can just as easily call it "when stuff goes crazy!". Yeah. Kinda like that. Act 2 - The Middle, AKA "The Good Stuff" The second act is begins when the first is interrupted in some way. Somehow the story raises a dramatic question for the main character, and when this happens part or all of the normalcy displayed in act one is thrown out the window. Your character might be prompted to go on a journey by some important event in their sleepy little town, or perhaps that same town is somehow no more! It can be gentle or it can be violent but your character must be removed from their element and forced to undergo change. Change is the name of the game here because it's change that we find interesting where characters are concerned. As the second act progresses your characters will find themselves in very different situations that they're used to and each one will affect the essence that makes them who they are. Most often there in single goal, one grand scheme that each character is aiming for. Along the way they'll likely have to overcome a series of small "arcs" all their own in order to enact the change you need for them to reach the end. Suffice it to say that the second act is where most of your content will be and where nearly all the change will occur. Just make sure that's not where all of your content is. Sticking with our "Code Geass" example the second act begins the very moment LeLeouche finds himself inside the back of a military research truck carrying a certain payload that completely changes his life forever. What transpires here change everything and thrusts our poor hero down a long and complicated path where he faces many trials and tribulations. Each obstacle he encounters throughout his journey is specially designed to either show what he is capable of or to help him grow in some way so that he may finally reach the end and accomplish his goals. His first battle shows his innate talent as a commander and gives us a hint of his potential and from then on the show proceeds to mold him into the man he needs to be before the end. In a good story nothing is wasted and everything your characters do will somehow add to them and prepare them for their fate. Eventually your characters will gain all the abilities and knowledge they require to complete their mission, and when that mission is complete there's nothing left to do but wrap it all up. Act 3 - The Conclusion After the last boss is defeated, the princess is finally saved, or enough money was collected to get that swimming pool full of sharks that your character has always wanted then it's time to bring your story to an end. All the loose ends get tied, all the characters who've made it to the end move on with their lives, and the world is back to being as close to what it was during the first act as possible. This is where you tell the reader how things went after all the madness is over and what your characters did now they have reached their goals and the dramatic question has an answer. Sometimes it might be best to tell them exactly what happened, that your characters settled down, had some kids, got old and died happy. Other times it's best to let the reader finish the story themselves, to answer the dramatic question and let the reader come to their own conclusions using all the information you've given them throughout your story. There's no one way to end a story but the best endings leave the reader feelings satisfied. How you achieve this is up to you. Three Act Structures Within The Structure A considerable amount of the writing that makes up act two should ideally contain multiple mini story arcs set up in the same fashion as the overall story itself. Your characters need to encounter challenges but they shouldn't overcome them too quickly or take too long. If you've done your job then your characters are riddled with interesting flaws at the beginning of the story (that's a whole other article right there) and you need to address those flaws as the story develops. Creating small arcs within the second act to address these flaws is a great way to steer your character toward desirable change. One of LeLouche's biggest flaws early on in "Code Geass" is that, unlike most anime, he's not exactly the greatest physical specimen where strength and endurance are concerned. He's not especially capable in running even the shortest distances, nevermind taking someone on in hand-to-hand combat. He's the leader of a small rebel group, how is he going to avoid direct combat? Why, with his gi-normous brain, of course! One of the first things he does is select the best fighter among his group and assign them as his personal guard, effectively taking the majority of combat out his hands directly and allowing him to focus on the bigger picture. Strategy his is game. He doesn't beat people in direct combat, he's smart enough to get other people to do that for him by successfully leading them to all the right spots and overpowering his enemies with superior tactics. And he only gets better at this as the series continues. This wouldn't work so well if he suddenly became some kind of threat outside of a mech and without the ability to use his geass. The series stays true to this rule of the universe throughout; LeLouche is an awful fighter but that's okay because he doesn't need to be to win. He's got other flaws, too. Big ones. And by the end of the series nearly all of them are wrapped up completely, either by him overcoming that weakness or cleverly finding a way around it. And that's good character development. Character Flaws  Spoiler A perfect character is a boring character. There's really no point in reading about a character who will never make the wrong decision or never fail. It's already pretty easy to figure out what will happen by the end of a story by virtue of what kind of story it is. Whether it's high fantasy, adventure, or sci-fi, odds are good that by the end the heroes will prevail and all will be right in the world. The interesting bit is the journey (or the second act, for those following along from the last article), and the journey isn't as fun if when your characters arrive everything will work out completely. This where you throw your characters a curve ball, where they love and lose, where they live and maybe even die. The ending may be somewhat predictable but the middle never is, and it's your job to make it as interesting and unpredictable (but still coherent) as possible. So, how do you go about adding flaws to your characters? Like everything in writing there's no hard-and-fast rule to abide by here, you need to adapt your character to your needs for the story. That means you need to know what your story is about and how your characters will navigate their way through it. As usual, the best way to get handle on this is to see what the professionals are doing. In keeping with the anime theme we'll take a look at some great (and later some not-so-great) characters from popular anime to get a feel for what constitutes a character with good flaws. These are all pretty spoiler-y so I'll hide the meat of the character analysis so you can skip it if you want to avoid them. Vash the Stampede from Trigun  Spoiler Vash occupies a surprisingly common archetype in anime where the main character refuses to resort to murder for any reason. His great strength is that he can find a way to resolve a situation with as little violence as possible using his incredible reflexes and aim, and quite often he'll change the lives of those around him. He embodies the qualities of peace, understanding, and standing up for those who cannot stand up for themselves. He sounds perfect, right? The interesting part is that everything that makes Vash a good person in fact his greatest flaw. He may swear to uphold justice and do everything he can to preserve life but these are not things that he decided for himself, they were ideals assigned to him by someone else, and that means he doesn't fully understand them or even know why he lives his life to uphold them. Rem, his caretaker before the calamity that brought humans down to the planet he now occupies, was very much an idealist among her peers and she passed on her ideals to Vash. When she was tragically killed he took those ideals to heart without having an opportunity to experience why she believed what she did. As a result, the series revolves around his enemies trying to smash those ideals and coax him into joining his murderous brother Knives. It Vash's naitivity that leads him to experience the identify crisis he undergoes after he kills Legato to save his friends. Vash may have been able to dodge bullets but he didn't know who exactly he was or why he did what he did, and when he was challenged it nearly destroyed him. His transformation from a being with superhuman abilities that upholds his ideals changes radically when he finally comes to understand those ideals. When he finally confronts Knives he knows who is and why he believes what he believes, and thus the story can end with a theme it had been exploring the entire time: forgiveness. More characters coming soon! 
 Last edited by KT Samurai; 09-22-2014 at 03:37 PM. Reason: Added some pictures. 
