http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138233-What-was-your-first-video-game/page2
 What was your first video game? - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Lol what a game to be someone's 1st(DW 2), such a awesome game, but It's also easily one of the hardest games ever created. Here we have more proof gamers back then weren't pathetic POS, that gave up at the first sign of trouble(lol can you imagine a gamer today starting with that game, they would never play a VG ever again). One of my first games was Megaman X, I remember that I use to beat the game when I was 7. I recently played it and I barely got passed the 1st level, the same thing happened to me with Metal Slug 1, 2, and 3. 
 "I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is pricked, seekin what will transmit The scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable"
 Originally Posted by Voel One of my first games was Megaman X, I remember that I use to beat the game when I was 7. I recently played it and I barely got passed the 1st level, the same thing happened to me with Metal Slug 1, 2, and 3. (I played DW2 back in the day, plus It's a RPG, so difficulty works differently then it does in a platformer, I can asure you, nothing like that is going on)Well there could be a few reasons, the biggest one being memory(platformers are very much based on memory, if you haven't played in a long time, it will take you awhile to warm up), and another thing that's a big deal, is reflex/timing(as you get older, generally you'll have a slower reaction, the exceptions are if you're a hardcore fighting game fan or you study martial arts). 
 My first real game was my Pokemon Blue game for my GBC. Oh, the memories... *hums theme* 

 Originally Posted by Zoltor (I played DW2 back in the day, plus It's a RPG, so difficulty works differently then it does in a platformer, I can asure you, nothing like that is going on)Well there could be a few reasons, the biggest one being memory(platformers are very much based on memory, if you haven't played in a long time, it will take you awhile to warm up), and another thing that's a big deal, is reflex/timing(as you get older, generally you'll have a slower reaction, the exceptions are if you're a hardcore fighting game fan or you study martial arts). Memory doesn't help you that much in Metal Slug, there are bullets flying all over the screen all the time. And I know kick boxing, but it doesn't look nearly as cool as other fighting styles... maybe I should learn Muay Thai. It's way more badass, but it's not too far away. 
 "I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is pricked, seekin what will transmit The scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable"
 Super-Cowboy beim Rodeo for the Atari. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 I definitely remember playing Pac-man first but the first game I played that I owned was either Super-C or some game that I remember but it had a bengal tiger on the front of it for nintendo but I think it was an artsy game. I can't find it for the life of me! 
 I spent my childhood playing the pokemon games for gameboy color/advanced. Other than those, I didnt get into game until I discovered the first Halo CE. If I were to go even farther back, it would be Street Fighter and Sonic on the Sega Gen. 
 Last edited by Ruined; 02-12-2013 at 01:04 AM. 
 Fetishes are the first steps to happiness. ;3 
 It was either Spyro the Dragon or Grand Turismo. 
 HONK :O) 
 Super Mario!!! 

 Diablo. God it was scary at the time. 
 
 My earliest gaming memory is playing SMW and A Link to the Past when I was 4-5 years old. I Can't recall the exact years but I know those are the first games I ever played. 
 
 I think my first game was Street Fighter II, because that's where I fell in love with Chun Li from. Although when I think about it, I do remember playing a lot of Rock Man X 1-3 and Mario Games for the SNES. 
College. 
 Ah to be young again... 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 mine would be gex 64 or gex 2 enter the gecko whatever you want to call it for the nintendo 64 at my moms and at my dads i had primal rage for the sega genesis. they are 2 two of some of my favorite games simply for the nastalgic factor. turok for the nintendo 64 would have been my first game but my mom wouldn't let me get it because i was 5 at the time and it was rated m or something. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 The first video game I can remember playing would be Donkey Kong 64. I was only 3 when the game came out, so it sounds about right. I still have, and I was actually playing it just last week out of boredom. 
​
 I remember playing Super Mario bros at a really ridiculously young age.... like almost still in diapers young. 
 Follow Me On The Twitter
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Am I the only one who feels ancient after reading some of the posts in this thread? You're not the only one. My first games were Astro Grover and a game called Kidstuff for MS-DOS. My first console games were Rad Racer, and the Super Mario/Duck Hunt combo for the NES. 
★★★★★★★★★★★ ismycomputeron.com
 Duck Hunt & Super Mario Bros. There might be something before that but thats really as far back as I can remember. 
 Spyro the Dragon!!!! 
 My first game was street fighter 1 on the saga console i talked major **** when played that game...good ol days 

 Either "Mad Maze" (if anyone remembers Prodigy) or "Bugs Bunny Hare-Brained Adventure". Both on the PC around 1990. 
 - I have as much as authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it --George Carlin
 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (Sega Genesis) I wouldn't mind playing it again too. 
 MaDeByMe 
 Grand Turismo in ps1, oh those family times.. 
 Duck Hunt on the NES was the first video game I played. 
 ♫ I always feel like somebody's watching me. ♫
 My first game was Pokemon Pinball. The one when you had to have batteries in the gameboy and the game....classic 
[IMG][/IMG]
