http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151773-Craziest-moment-in-video-games
 Craziest moment in video games?
 I think we all have one of those moments. Any of you guys got a story to share? 
 hmm I know a lot but cant get the right thought out of my head... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I1rkH6EFBs THE GREATEST ****ING THING EVER! Those who play LoL know of xpeke's kassadin play. No matter how many times i watch it, I always get the feels. 
 Last edited by Pured; 10-14-2013 at 05:29 AM. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I remember in COD modern warfare 2 back when quickscoping was awesome . anyway, i had the Intervention running toward a building i forget what map. but it had a plane in the middle, and i ran into 3 enemy's i shot the two in front of course it wasn't easy, but then out of nowhere came one from behind it scared me, I just 360 spun real fast and ended up getting him lol. but anyway it was way more elaborate in game of course so there was just a rough outline it was fun. 

 Probably Vanilla World of Warcraft, when someone kited an invincible NPC half way across the world to Stormwind/Ogrimmar, huge **** fest, npc killing everyone and everyone just going crazy. Probably the best laugh I've ever had from a video game. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Freemasonry I remember in COD modern warfare 2 back when quickscoping was awesome I think people hated quick scopers back then. Always getting killed before I can kill someone... 
 Originally Posted by Freemasonry I remember in COD modern warfare 2 back when quickscoping was awesome . I love how people use a high powered precision sniper rifle that is designed to shoot targets from a mile away... as a close quarters weapon. As for my moments I have a few... Borderlands 2: When I first played the Mechromancer I entered one area where I was fighting some Bullymongs and I hit level 5 while I was mid jump and about to get my ass handed to me. That's when I was able to throw out Death Trap just in time to create a diversion and kill the last few enemies. Burnout Paradise: Participating in a "Crazy Barrel Roll" challenge and getting a 5 or 6 times spin off a jump. As well as that there was the glitches that we found and the ways to access hidden areas. James Bond Nightfire: Played that game til the end and COULD NOT beat it no matter how hard I tried. Came back to the game a year later and beat the stage first go. >.> 
 Last edited by NuttsnBolts; 10-15-2013 at 05:29 AM. Reason: grammar!!!!! 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Yesterday I was playing Counter Strike Global offensive I managed to plant the bomb without anone noticing. Got crap load of trophies 
 What do you mean by crazy? Every so often playing halo i randomly zone in and it is like i am using an aim bot so i get most of the kills on the team without missing a shot. Same thing happened in COD sometimes. So that is crazy awesome. If you mean crazy as in mental, not long ago in skyrim i had an imperial soldier carcass floating behind me in the air, it followed me until i restarted the game. Sometimes in the PC version of crysis 2 the physics effects would stop, for instance if i power kicked a car, the car would not move, if i threw a grenade it would still be next to me when it explodes.  Spoiler No time to explain! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Back in the days when I was part of Eruption of Pures, a clan on runescape, we had huge wars with other clans. They were really fun, and when you are trying to strategise and focus on people, it gets pretty damn awesome. Example fight: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk4Dy6oEW6I And this is a higher lvl fight: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrd0r_OHBPw 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Crashing your Motobike in GTA 5 and surviving... only to have the car you land in front decide that it was a good idea to run you over and kill you. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 The craziest I've ever gone in a video game was in Far Cry 3. I loved the mission where you burnt the weed while skrillex was playing. Obviously stealth is not a thing for me so I had about 15 guys and their Dogs all attacking me while I marched through with a flamethrower. I've probably had crazier moments but this is the one that comes to mind. A video of someone playing it:  Spoiler Note: Video contains drugs and swearing. But who cares, right? I couldn't find a gameplay video where they went crazy. I had no care for my characters' health in this mission. 
 My Anime List
 Playing in the TBC era in WoW was amazing. Was a part of a successful raiding guild with some awesome people. Loved the dungeons and content, spent countless hours on that game and was one of the best gaming moments in my life 
 Gta 4 had a glitch on this playground. If you rev the engine under the swing it will launch your car into the air. Sometimes as far as to the third island. I went only and did that I flew all the way to the third island it was insane 

 Ahw man I remember getting my first Nuke in MW2 my god my heart was beating so fast I was using the Tar-21 with a heartbeat sensor on highrise I'll never forget that than the very next match got a Nuke on estate With I believe the Intervention and spas-12. Me and my friends that day went on playing demolition all day (snowday) we won 44 straight. 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
