http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158870-Hey-its-a-new-Anime-chick
 Hey its a new Anime chick
 Hello I'm Jesu and sorta not all new.. I was here probably if I remember right 3 or 2 months ago but had some personal as well computer/virus issues. So I had to clean out some stuff and also get better. So here once more. Things changed a lot for me as away so new and improved I guess. Joined to contribute, make friends, and all that "fun" stuff.. Haven't watched to much anime or read manga. I really need to get into that again. Hope everyone well and I guess cya all around. -Jesu 
 Salutations. New chick?, guess it is better than all the old ones, enjoy yourself. 
 Created by norwegianmoose
 Welcome to A4, enjoy your stay here and feel free to participate in all of the discussions! Have you watched Naruto? I've just started Tokyo Ghoul which is actually pretty good, you should check it out if that's what you're into! As always, have a great time here and see you around the forums! 
 Last edited by Rhyme's Law; 11-03-2014 at 02:08 PM. Reason: I missed a word :333 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
 Originally Posted by Rhyme B Welcome to A4, enjoy your stay here and feel free to participate in all of the discussions! Have you watched Naruto? I've just started Tokyo Ghoul which is actually pretty good, you should check it out if that's what you're into! As always, have a great time here and see you around the forums! I heard of Tokyo Ghoul but have yet to watch it. Yes, I seen Naruto but not the shippuden episodes really. Also thank you for the welcome. 
 Welcome! Well if you are looking for some great manga and/or anime you came back to the right place 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Welcome! Feel free to ask any questions here and don't forget to share opinions after watching (: 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Welcmoe ! Have great time posting here! 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Welcome aboard the forum Jesu. Have a great time chatting with the community members about your favorite shows. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
