http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159657-Favorite-Anime-Soundtrack/page2
[Anime] Favorite Anime Soundtrack - Page 2
 I love the Soundtrack from HunterXHunter especially the Zoldyck Theme. Elfenlied is also a Soundtrack that I like a lot. Hellsing, Trigun and Dragonball are also quit honorable mentions. 
 Original Soundtracks I usually play in the background in one go. It's hard to say which ones are my favorites. I rather enjoy Gundam SEED OST Vol. 3, Attack on Titan Original Soundtrack, and Princess Mononoke Original Soundtrack. =) 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 OMG, yes Attack on Titan OST is really good. Let me add Death Note here. I love L's Theme and L's Theme B. I play them every time I study so I feel like L too. Hahaha. Whoops. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 Last year a handful of anime shows presented themselves with beautiful soundtracks. However Zankyou no Terror really caught my attention and I can safely say it will remain one of my favourite soundtracks. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Sword Art Online Angel Beats! Deadman Wonderland Tokyo Ghoul hasn't finished but their soundtrack is also really good stuff 

 Some series with ost so good that I've bought their albums: Gundam unicorn Rozen maiden Campione AoT Gundam seed SAO Gundam age (the anime sux though) Madlax Bakumatsu iroha Madoka Fate/z Some of the ghibli's Just to be clear we are Not including open &end songs as soundtracks right 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 The fairy tail soundtrack is one of the main reasons I love the show so much. The mixture of Irish and rock music is a breath of fresh air. 

 Originally Posted by Erza Knightwalker The fairy tail soundtrack is one of the main reasons I love the show so much. The mixture of Irish and rock music is a breath of fresh air. That is a good one. If you like Celtic music check out bodacious space pirates! It has a fair bit in it - rockified that is 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 One piece Battle Theme! :3 
 Originally Posted by DarkShadow... One piece Battle Theme! :3 Have that song on my phone 

 Me too And i love fairytail too 
 I like the darker than black soundtrack. It was all good music, but it was so atypical for an anime. The show itself was so different, that the unusual music fit perfectly. There is a lot of jazz beats and acoustic guitar. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 I've been watching Rainbow here lately. So far the only soundtracks from a single anime that I liked was cowboy bebop's. But after watching this... Looks like I got a new favorite. I mean holy crap! The intro is a friggin metal song! Woo! 
 Speaking of metal intros. I always really liked the intro to Devil May Cry. It's just plain badass. 
