http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151664-Misconceptions-of-an-innocent-mind/page3
 Misconceptions of an innocent mind - Page 3
 Originally Posted by Volk What does this even mean? It means you don't know if God and Hell exists, and since you now don't believe, you'd be going to hell if they do. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I think the worst thing I believed as a kid though, was that the water from sinks, toilets, showers etc. was in fact rain water from Australia, because it had to come upwards from underground. Would this mean shower water in Australia comes from America, or china, or india... there are allot of places in the northern hemisphere. Originally Posted by Regnent My daughter asked what rumble strips were. I told her so blind people could drive. She accepted that for about 4 minutes before she said 'f you dad, blind people can't drive' lol, you've got to sell it! kids now aren't as stupid as we were. Anyways, I was once told by my parents that they found me under a tree. So apparently that's how babies are made, we grow on trees. Were all secretly weird plant/people hybrid monsters. 
 Originally Posted by Volk What does this even mean? Yes what indeed 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Mister It means you don't know if God and Hell exists, and since you now don't believe, you'd be going to hell if they do. But that doesn't terrify me. Also, if you for example is a Christian, but the actual God is Allah, then you are going to hell anyways. Plus, hell has all the interesting people in it. 
 Originally Posted by Volk But that doesn't terrify me. Also, if you for example is a Christian, but the actual God is Allah, then you are going to hell anyways. Plus, hell has all the interesting people in it. It should. Indeed, but you have no chance of heaven, assuming you're secular, as you seem. I'm sure there will be plenty of time to enjoy their company, and it'll make up for whatever little suffering the devil has planned for you. 
 Why should it terrify me? If you don't believe that aliens will invade and turn you into a protein goo in the next few years, does it still terrify you? The fact that there is no chance for heaven means that I can enjoying my limited time on Earth to its fullest. Who says there is Suffering or that Devil Planned anything? 
 Is this going to turn into the theology argument? Because I'm going to point out that this isn't the place before the mods catch on and we all know what happens then... 
 Yeah gonna ask people to curb the religious discussion, a new thread would be more appropriate if you want to focus on lapses or losses in faith, the afterlife, or other theological stuff! 

 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox @randoms. ..w WHAT?! When I was younger, our only source of clean water came from jugs, and I hated them because the button was too hard to push (these jugs were huge and had nozzles). So when I was thirsty I'd complain about it and then my parents would say "then go drink out of the toilet" 
  Spoiler 
 You can make a thread about religion if you want. You are off topic, Mister and Volk, you are off topic. I also used to think that movies where only shown in tv once a year, so every movie had it's own specific date, time and channel 

 I love telling kids if they are naughty the police will take them and they will never see their parents again. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 We weren't entirely off topic, I was showing how religion might not be a misconception; we don't know. But yeah I wasn't gonna reply in that direction again anyway. I only said something because I felt like he used this topic to unfairly and ungracefully attack religion. On topic: I used to think it'd be damn near impossible for me to be famous, I now see it's about work, and a tiny bit about luck. 
 Originally Posted by Stranger You can make a thread about religion if you want. You are off topic, Mister and Volk, you are off topic. I used to think that people didn't type redundant posts or mini modded, silly me. And our discussion is still more relevant then what Shadow Fox typed up. 
 Originally Posted by Volk I used to think that people didn't type redundant posts or mini modded, silly me. And our discussion is still more relevant then what Shadow Fox typed up. That's why I'm saying you should make a thread about religion. We could see an interesting discussion there. 

 I used to think that sunflowers were actually suns not yet fully grown. Theres a blog post of mine somewhere about this. Also the flying spaghetti monster frowns upon both Volk and Mister and shall see them both suffer in the land of no cheese. Edit: Heres the referenced blog in case anyone's bored out of their mind. http://www.anime-forums.com/entry.php?945-Sun-WHAT-! 
 Last edited by BlackTemplar; 10-14-2013 at 12:25 PM. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 The day I found out birds hatched from eggs, I thought all eggs could hatch into birds. Every time mom bought eggs, I hid them so they'd hatch. Mom was pissed. I was convinced that if I did everything God asked/wanted then he would resurrect all of our dead pets and any plant that died in our home. Mom laughed. And when I said God's all powerful blah blah, she said God is more concerned with people. I used to think every insect/bug/animal could be a pet. Mom saw the "pets" I brought home, had a fit, made me do a **** ton of cleaning. I never did it again. Still wanted to though on some level. I always have this nagging feeling that the IRS is more powerful than the president. I once went to a fancy-ish restaurant with my mom and sister and we went to the bathroom where there was a bowl of balloons on the sink. I was blowing them up. Apparently they were condoms. To this day, I sometimes have to fight the urge not to do that if I go in a bathroom with free condoms. I was convinced that the same things I could do as a kid I would always be able to do and always want to do. Then one day I realized that as I grew up, I developed a bit more common sense and some of my curiosity wore off. The day I realized that I became mad as hell. Don't ask me why because I don't know why. I used to think it was possible to jump into a tv and become part of the show. And then I saw what the inside of a tv looked like. No way in hell I was fitting in there so I stopped trying. I met a girl named Ariel once and was convinced she was related to the mermaid Ariel. And that is the reason she and I were never friends - she was tired of my questions. I sometimes over generalize things. The very first blond person I can recall meeting was a classmate. She was the most evil person ever. She was also blond. I was semi convinced that all blonds were like here despite the fact that my other blond classmates were nice. Ever since then though.... I still sometimes think every blond is secretly out to get me. Although now they may have good reason for it since I know more dumb blonde jokes than any other kind. I believed in God pretty much my entire life. But I was a teenager when I realized my image of God is not the same as the God other people believe in. Makes for awesome times at Thanksgiving dinner. Any time I've ever gone down south (one exception), I always felt like I was going to a third world country or the twilight zone. So I loved road trips down south. Until I realized why it felt like I was going to a third world country or entering the twilight zone. Every time I've ever gone to Virginia some thing stupid occurred that was a legal. Every time I've been near Kentucky people fall into one of three categories. Any further south, we always seemed to go some place where we needed to have a man with us to get anything done. I was 7 when I found out SeaWorld in Florida was not an all you can eat seafood buffet. 'Nuff said. On top of everything else, I took everything my mom said almost literally because she was a no nonsense woman and her God preferred his followers to be no nonsense. I was a kid when I was asking her a question about something I saw on TV. She said nothing on TV is real. The question had to do with Sonic the Hedgehog. I took her at her word and assumed hedgehogs were not real. Any time I saw a hedgehog I assumed it was my mind playing tricks on me. I was about 16 years old when I told my Godfather I thought I saw a hedgehog. He told me it was the season to see them and I did a semi double take. Apparently hedgehogs are real and I "misunderstood" mom. Once I realized my mom and I had different religious ideals I no longer saw the devil everywhere. But by the time I came to that realization I did not want to eat lucky charms. Since I was 8 or 9 years old, I have been suspicious of fast food chains like McDonald's and Burger King. I was about that age when I found out local farms in Philadelphia do not deliver their cows to McDonald's and similar places. And a short time later I found out a slaughter house was not a farm and that a slaughter house was a not a hospital for sick animals. It is for this reason I have hated Chik Fil A. For years I saw their ads and assumed they paid cows to appear in those commercials and billboards. The moral to this story is to not let kids read animal farm. I never had the chicken pox as a child even though I shared a room with my sister when she had it as a kid. I have received the chicken pox vaccine twice and am still afraid of catching the chicken pox. I have had this fear/misconception since I was 6. As an adult, the first thing I ask any doctor I see is about my risk of contracting chicken pox/shingles and possibly dying. I grew up in a religious family where Christmas/Easter/Halloween ad most other holidays were pagan events. I never heard of Santa Claus until I started school, I thought the Easter Bunny was a cartoon character on a tv show on a channel I couldn't get because God disliked cable, and anything having to do with Halloween would bring the Devil swarming into the house. I had to learn how to vote in high school because in my house voters are sinners. The only reason I had accurate information about sex is because my grade school was less than a minute's walk from 2 porn shops, both of which I passed every day on my way to and from school every day. Sex ed at home amounted to: only married people could have sex and only married women could get pregnant. I walked in on my aunt watching a talk tv show (I think it was Jenny Jones) and they were doing paternity tests. Yes, I did ask my mom what that was about and she said "nothing on tv is real and God didn't like it when I watched those shows." I can quote it because that was the reasoning behind any unsuitable programming. That or it invited the Devil into the house. In any case, one day a girl at my school became pregnant. She was unmarried. I asked mom and she said it's because she's a sinner so she doesn't count. That lead to the talk about gender roles. Part I. All women of God and good standing morale had to learn to cook, clean, sew, have manners, read the bible, speak clearly so God can always understand you, go to bed on time, and make their parents proud. You had to be a lady or you were not going to Heaven basically. This way of thinking lasted until I was about 12. All my life I was taught that Eve was a woman who disobeyed God and was the cause for why everything screwed up in the world happened. And according to my predominantly Italian Catholic teachers at my predominantly Italian Catholic public school this is all we needed to know. But in second grade we had to learn a little about evolution. By learn I mean the word appeared in the title of a chapter of our social studies book that we were told to not read. I read it and saw the word "creationism." Despite reading the section and mom slapping the **** out of me, my faith in God never wavered. I believed wholeheartedly that God did create Adam & Eve using some kinda magic that could be explained just like the weather, and that Adam & Eve were capable of evolving. The misconceptions I lived with the longest were about gender roles, sex, and drugs. And then mom started amending our prayers at dinner. Which lead to another misconception: that God would strike me down for questioning mom. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I used to believe in ghosts when I was a kid. I think they don't exist at all. What a shame. 
 I don't think I believed in...anything, really, like Santa, the Tooth Fairy or whatever else there is. I'm not sure if this is considered a misconception; but when I was a kid (around 5 - 12 years old), after watching so many Shoujo anime and Disney princess cartoons, I always believed that every guy I meet in high school would the stereotypical Prince with a perfect personality and...yeah. 
 
