http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151414-Space-Dandy
[Action] Space Dandy
 Huge news! BIG HONKIN’ TOONAMI ANNOUNCEMENT! Hey everybody! Just wanted to drop you all a line and announce a couple pieces of Toonami news. First, we are proud to announce that Toonami will be WORLD PREMIERING the new series from Shinichiro Watanabe (Cowboy Bebop, Samurai Champloo) and Studio BONES (FMA, Soul Eater, many more), SPACE DANDY! SPACE DANDY is a 26 episode series that will be premiering in the U.S. BEFORE it premieres in Japan (yep, you read that right)! Details on that to follow soon. Oh, and when will it premiere? Sooner than you think- January 4th, at 11:30 PM. "Did I just read 11:30?" Yep, you read that right. Space Dandy will kick off an expanded 6-1/2 HOUR TOONAMI broadcast every Saturday. Toonami Faithful, we got our extra half hour! Oh, you’re STILL not satisfied? Fine. We have some other great news that will be coming in the next few weeks, but until then we’ll drop one more little tidbit: In December, Toonami will take a break from our regular schedule and have a bit of holiday fun, with three weeks in a row of a movie special to kick off the block! What movies, you ask? Well, you’ll have to wait a bit on that. Finally- if you have more questions about all this, GOOD- ask them here! We’ll be doing our monthly Toonami Q&A this Sunday from 11am et, to whenever we hit the tumblr post limit! Remember, your question could end up on our monthly on-air Tumblr Q&A session with Tom and Sara. WHEW- okay. Keep your eyes locked right here over the next few weeks for more details on all of this, as well as some other VERY exciting developments we can’t talk about yet. And in the mean time, do make sure you check us out on November 2nd, when we’ll be airing some fun little surprises in the daylight savings hour (2am)! WE WILL NEVER STOP Love, the Toonami Crew. http://toonami.tumblr.com/post/65032...-hey-everybody Oh man, so not only did cartoon network get the rights to air this show first, they paid for a second cour, making it 26 episodes out of the gate. SO EXCITED! 

