http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138109-Our-Plethora-of-Anti-Social-and-MIA-admins
[General Discussion] Our Plethora of Anti-Social and MIA admins.
 A message to all and mostly the admins and or mods presented in this thread lol. It has become quite apparent to me that after some random thought that I would look up a few of the names of staff members. I went to the new admins page because I thought it could be best and...holy cow. There is a LOT of old names I never see anymore of people I actually like to chat with once in a while and others whom I never see from again these days. One I never even heard of which is strange because I have never missed going here more then a month or two. Even if I do not post something every single day I still visit. So that is weird for me. Unless I had just forgotten of course. It has come quite apparent that These mods and/or admins HATE US and do not wish to socialize with the lesser species of the forum. They have some super secret room like the Squad zero in bleach where its there but no one can really see it. Where only they can get too and they only socialize with the elite as they cast their tiny invisible strings we all dance to! Here they are. Many of which I have not seen in years....I mean...YEARS YEARS even lol. AT least for a couple it feels that way. I dunno I look around in or post in almost all the places in these forums so maybe they "stealth" their way around in the places I don't visit as often like the art or the news forum and I end up missing where they went to. Anyway I am just venting on the fact that I myself have never really seen a hair from them in forever. What about you guys? Radical Ed - Dont even recognize this name as a mod but I think I remember him as a member. Just don't recall him ever becoming admin.... Waztaz - I know you can hear me Wazzy! I remember getting a post back from ya when I said hello a while back....a few months perhaps...POST MORE! Let us know you are alive and love us! Make a thread of something fun somewhere or a serious debate topic or something! empressstephanie and wildstar a lot of us know quite well. Although I know wildstar does work behind the curtain. I wish you would enjoy it all more. I don't know what you guys do these days but...OK if you answer back in this topic somehow. What is your favorite anime these days? Do you even read manga or watch it anymore? Both names I had not seen in a long time although I think WS does background work or something I cannot remember. Nightblade - A guy i remember a long time back that came out of nowhere and was made mod/admin in record time lol. At least I believe he is the one I remember doing so. Symph Lizard - I KNOW this person has not touched a4 in a long time. I don't recall anyone saying anything about him...her? in a really long time lol. Lance - Yeah, Around even longer then me. used to talk a bit once in a while years ago. Avi Chan - I do not recognize this name as a member or even a mod or anything. Weird. I mean. Maybe I vaugly remember something but what does he/she even do? Its obviously not co-mingling with us and talking with others or enjoying their time while doing work. Very strange imo. Vampire Lowell - Haven't seen em in forever really Do they still post too anywhere? If you are reading this....how are you? KT Samurai - Basically the same as Lance, Talked a bit many years ago but not a whole lot. I used to see them post a bit but now I never see posts or anything from them. Calbob - MY GOD I miss this guy! He used to post a lot of good stuff in the cooking threads. I miss em dearly. Never seen or heard from em since at least 09 or 10. If you are reading this. Come back to us! Make yourself known! ....and of course I mentioned it to be Zikar but that Aussy bastard is never coming back. He lost mod status years ago and left I think around 06-07... ....jerk. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
