http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155133-Akame-ga-KILL!/page5
[Action] Akame ga KILL! - Page 5
 They are rushing the ish out of this one...the manga doesn't count anymore, they've delt with the sadness from the loved ones they lost with the quickness...and certain events just never happened I still kinda liked the episode though...the Akame/Kurome fight...but it's just not as epic as it could've been...it's only gonna go downhill from here on out i'm afraid 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 I mean everything now is unexpected. The anime is practically its own thing which is cool in my opinion. I mean unless something incredibly stupid happens in the next 3 or 4 episodes I think it will be a pretty successful run. The fight was good, Wave and Tatsumi sliding in was expected but Im looking forward to the Emperor fight. 

 I'm glad the anime is different from the manga. This way I can read the manga once the anime is done and it will be almost new to me 
 the end is almost upon us. looking forward to how things end. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Yeah I cannot wait for the next ep 

 I'm done...thats it this is terrible. The animation was so great in this episode but that ending...wtf 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I'm done...thats it this is terrible. The animation was so great in this episode but that ending...wtf Yeah...I was not expecting that...I think they have a "we need to kill one char per ep" rule or something 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I'm done...thats it this is terrible. The animation was so great in this episode but that ending...wtf Night Raid members sure do love breaking promises. The whole shows focus was on tatsumi and now this? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I am about to make a BOLD statement...that fight between Akame and Esdeath may have been the best in Anime history...at least from what I have seen. Combine with the soundtrack and omg I was literally on the edge of my seat. That ending though.  Spoiler Esdeath takes Tatsumi with her!!! She technically wins!! lol Also Leone...she killed that scumbag and went out like a champ... but now my heart is filled with Sadness, Sorrow, and a little happiness...because now we might get the REAL Version. Even though I was happy with the last 5 episodes of this series. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I am about to make a BOLD statement...that fight between Akame and Esdeath may have been the best in Anime history...at least from what I have seen. Combine with the soundtrack and omg I was literally on the edge of my seat. That ending though.  Spoiler Esdeath takes Tatsumi with her!!! She technically wins!! lol Also Leone...she killed that scumbag and went out like a champ... but now my heart is filled with Sadness, Sorrow, and a little happiness...because now we might get the REAL Version. Even though I was happy with the last 5 episodes of this series. Yo I ain't even mad...it was an epic battle...maybe not the best ever imo, but in my top 10 for sure. Esdeath without the arm spraying blood in Akame's eyes and the afterimage move in her time freezing move had me in oe's and ah's...Leone deserved a better ending imo, she first went on a city trip before crawling up in a fetal position in a dark alley...yeah right. I'm not happy with all of the things that happened after they ditched the manga, but the Esdeath/Akame fight and the part after the ED had me hyped and showed why I love this serie so much... 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 I finally got around to reading the manga. The anime was incredible but they should not have deviated from the manga. This series should have been 2 seasons and stuck with the manga. The relationship between Tatsumi and mein is so much better in the manga and the skipped arcs should not have been skipped 
 It was sad that they didn't follow the manga, perhaps there was limited material to work on. Anyway, I haven't finished it yet and perhaps I wouldn't it is just too disappointing. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 Man I loved the series..  Spoiler I really wish at least somebody besides Akame survived.. For hopes of another season with our beloved assassins 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
  Spoiler This is kinda late, but I just finished the series yesterday (totally forgotten after returning from travel. What shame...). All our nightraid characters made their exits just fine imo. I was ready for the deaths cos they were already dropping dead one by one since the beginning anyway. Akame v esdeath was the coolest. Esdeath's love story could have ended differently! And the eye patch boss could have more actions too despite having lost susanoo. And I'm unhappy about tatsumi killed by that emperor.. Overall its a good series considering how far it deviates from manga. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by jugger  Spoiler This is kinda late, but I just finished the series yesterday (totally forgotten after returning from travel. What shame...). All our nightraid characters made their exits just fine imo. I was ready for the deaths cos they were already dropping dead one by one since the beginning anyway. Akame v esdeath was the coolest. Esdeath's love story could have ended differently! And the eye patch boss could have more actions too despite having lost susanoo. And I'm unhappy about tatsumi killed by that emperor.. Overall its a good series considering how far it deviates from manga.  Spoiler Tatsumi wasn't killed by that emperor.. Tatsumi chose to let himself die in place of those citizens. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
