http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?146809-Need-a-new-show-to-watch
 Need a new show to watch :/
 So yeah, as the title reads, I feel I have ran out of anime shows to watch, ones that are really appealing and enjoyable to watch. I was wandering if any of you can give me a new anime to watch as I am dying for something new instead of re-watching. I'm into anime's that have action, partly serious (not too keen to non-serious anime), Sci-Fi, Romance. Would appreciate any recommendations This is a list of the anime's I have already watched. Code Geass Vampire Knight Steins Gate Black Lagoon Elfen Lied Ergo Proxy Death Note Neon Genesis Evangelion (Show and Movies) The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzimaya (Show and Movies) Angel Beats Ghost in the Shell (Show and Movies) School Days Clannad Darker than Black Rurouni Kenshin Blood+ Full Metal Panic 
 Guilty Crown Zetsuen no Tempest Sword Art Online Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood Bakemonogatari Dance in the Vampire Bund Kekkaishi Katanagatari 

 This isn't sci-fi OR romance... But definately check out Monster. Its a serious, psychological anime, kinda like death note, its amazing. Its 74 episodes. Mai Hime comes under action, mecha, romance. Personally i'm not into mecha, but it was pretty good overall. Trinity Blood. Vampires, vampire eating vampires, bit of romance, ACTION. Tis awesome. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Durarara!! 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Thanks guys, these are getting saved to the list :P 
 Durarara!! Durarara!! DU...RA...RA...RA!!!!!!!! It's amazing. 
 Well if you're not currently watching Attack on Titan, you need to start. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 Mirai Nikki (Future Diary), Magi, Blue Exorcist, Maoyu, Another, Gargantia of the Verdurous Planet, Sword Art Online and Attack on Titan are all amazing anime that I think you'll enjoy! 
 Last edited by Seegggaaaaa; 05-27-2013 at 11:16 PM. 

