http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157768-Anime-Review-Competition
[Event] Anime Review Competition
 - What is this event? A review contest created to boost the activity of the Anime reviews section. Members will post their reviews and at the end of the month, judges will look through the reviews and select what they think is the best review. They won’t be judged on length or how much the judges share the reviewer’s point of view, but rather on how well they are written, how well the reviewer balances objectively and subjectivity, efficiency and how informative they are. - How long do I have to enter? From today until the end of this month (August, if it wasn’t clear) giving you plenty of time of pick an anime, gather your thoughts on the series, make a review and post one up. - How do I enter? Post a review in the reviews section (it has to have been posted this month) and post a link to that review in this thread. Each member is allowed a maximum of 3 submissions (though you can edit your post to replace a review before the deadline). - How do I post a review? First look at the list of shows that have already been reviewed. If someone else has already posted a thread of the same anime you wish to review just post your review as a reply. If someone hasn’t made a thread on the show you wish to review then you’ll obviously have to make it yourself. To do this you’ll have to include the series information like the name, when it was released, number of episodes, etc (an example of this can be found in any review) as well as an overview which I would recommend you just copy/pasted and credit from ANN or a similar site, it keeps it objective and we won’t be judging it anyway, only your actual evaluation. Once you’ve written up the series information and your review post it in a new thread in the Anime and Manga section then report your own thread asking for it to be moved to the review section. - Are there any prizes? UPDATE: Yes! We have gotten a prize into the mix at the last minute by our gracious friend and contest Judge GREEN BIRD~! Much thanks goes to him. The winner's work will also be featured on Anime-Forums.com's Facebook Page. - Any tips you have on writing a review? There are a number of ways you can write one, you can label each category you wish to cover, focus strictly on the story side or keep it short and sweet. You can also provide a rating, but that’s completely optional. Try not to cover an aspect of a show you don’t really have an opinion about just for the sake of having a full-fledged review, not sure what to say about the music? That’s fine, maybe talk a little bit more about the voice acting instead. Also, try to avoid overusing terms that don’t really convey anything to the reader, simply saying the “music sucks” and leaving it at that doesn’t get your point across because it lacks context, it doesn’t expand on why it’s bad. Lastly, type your review out and read through it in word or something, make sure you are satisfied with what you’ve typed instead of trying to rush it out. NOW GO GO GO! CLOSING DATE: AUGUST 31ST PS-Anyone who wants to volunteer as a judge for this event are welcome to shoot me a PM. 
 Last edited by The_Archangel; 08-06-2014 at 12:16 AM. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
