http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142570-Should-Men-Be-Able-To-Opt-Out
[Extended Discussion] Should Men Be Able To Opt Out?
 Had this discussion on another board and it was pretty interesting so figured I would start it here and see what people say. So, primarily a woman gets to decide if they want an abortion or not. Without legal action, etc a man doesn't have much legal grounds on if a woman should/shouldn't have one because it's her own body (which I'm sure we can all agree on), however if a woman decides to have a child should a man be able to detach himself legally from the child and mother? I know a man can give up his parental rights, etc as long as there is someone there to take care of the child, but seeing as a woman holds the right to not have a child in the first place should a man be able to legally, financially, and socially detach himself at the same time? 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 Don't a lot of guys opt-out already? Can't really say I blame the guys that do sometimes... Anyway, do I think it should it be legally protected? No. Guys should take care of their kids so the state doesn't have to. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Guys try to opt out, but laws see's both the the child's parents as it's custodial parents. Meaning the male still has to pay child support. No matter where he is, taxes will force it out of him. Or he could be arrested. He can opt out through court order indicating that he no longer has custody of the child or gives them to another caretaker. (I'm pretty sure how that works). I don't think the male should just as easily "opt out" of child support. And the current system of having to need a court order to do so makes its so the child cannot be abandoned easily. If males do not want to have the responsibility of a child, don't sleep around, or use protection then he can pt out all he wants because no child. 
  Spoiler 
 Yeah, I can understand some of that. The system is what it is. I'd be more in favor of a system requiring some kind of actual proof before making a guy contribute financially to a kid though. If you're not biologically the father of a kid, I don't think a system should compel you to contribute to their upbringing and it should have to prove at least that much before compelling you to do so. Hopefully it works that way most places. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 No way. Its a shame that these kinda people have children... 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. Zer0 sympathy. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 The only "opt-out" should only be in the case of a DNA test that shows it's not his child, and anybody wanting to go for child support MUST GET A DNA TEST! Once we know there isn't gonna be a maury show situation where there's a dozen guys getting tested, then the real discussion can begin. but here's the thing, if a guy is going to pay child support, then it should be put into a trust account with the child's name on it, and the mother must show receipts to prove it was spent on essential items, or on the child in order to get access to the money in it. Same thing if the father has custody,too. once the child turns 18, then whatever is in the trust account is released to the child. that would certainly stop this entrapment for free money BS. so in other words, baby mama can't use little timmy's money to buy a flatscreen. 

 Originally Posted by Cal So, primarily a woman gets to decide if they want an abortion or not. Without legal action, etc a man doesn't have much legal grounds on if a woman should/shouldn't have one because it's her own body (which I'm sure we can all agree on), however if a woman decides to have a child should a man be able to detach himself legally from the child and mother? Sticky.... yes and no. Depends on the circumstances and the people involved. If 2 people are in a committed relationship, before it turns sexual, they should discuss their stance on kids. Do they want any? Are they financially able to have kids? And a bunch of others. Keeping in mind, that when a woman becomes pregnant, it's possible she may not feel the same as she once did. But... the man should at least provide financially for the child. Even if they didn't want kids... no protection is fail proof. Take responsibility for your short period of bliss. In the case of rape, where it is criminalized, yeah the guy should have to provide financial support. In the case of No Protection because we forgot... if she decides to keep it, yes you should pay. I have one no: If you can prove she intentionally wanted to get knocked up, tampered with protection, then you shouldn't have to pay up. Flip side of that, I do think a man should have some say if he wants to keep the child and the woman doesn't. It's pretty circumstantial I suppose. Originally Posted by canadi Dan if a guy is going to pay child support, then it should be put into a trust account with the child's name on it, and the mother must show receipts to prove it was spent on essential items, or on the child in order to get access to the money in it. Same thing if the father has custody,too. once the child turns 18, then whatever is in the trust account is released to the child. that would certainly stop this entrapment for free money BS. so in other words, baby mama can't use little timmy's money to buy a flatscreen. That's not gonna happen. it's because of previously biased child custody suits, the breakdown of the nuclear family (caused by women), and rights of a child (CRC). The nature of child support is not to fund only food, shelter, clothing, education. Especially considering all the other things a parent can purchase to help improve their child's chance of succeeding in life, and the cost of living. A TV can be seen as providing a child with a means to educate and or entertain themselves. The fact that it's a flat screen tv means that the customer is buying a newer model television. Similarly for music, home decor, home improvement items, a new car, new furniture, trips to amusement parks, etc. It's the job of the sole provider to make sure all monies are dispersed towards items that are to the child's benefit. You would need a good lawyer to either prove the money you provided was used in a manner in no way beneficial to the child OR that despite the amount of money being spent on the child, the child is somehow suffering. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. i laughed so hard. so so so hard. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 I don't believe a man should be able to opt out, you helped bring a child into the world whether you like it or not that decision is totally out of your hands if the woman decides to keep the child. You made your bed so you must lie in it, that's how I see it. Just because your a man doesn't mean you act like one, more guys need to own up and be there instead of just taking the easy road out. 
 Oh Snap's response was basically the end of the thread. You made your bed, now lie in it and man up to your responsibility. So yeah...that said...I'm just going to step out for a pack of cigarettes, I'll be right back....I swear. 
 Love how many people are always assuming the man has to be the horrible one.. And only chican has mentioned the possible other end of the story. What if say.. you're a man. take a woman out for a one night stand. And the woman provides you with a condom or says she is on the pill. But then in the end she tricked you, poked holes in the condom, lied about the pill, etc. And she gets pregnant. Should the man quietly accept his fate now? 
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.' " - Isaac Asimov 
 ^ That is the risk anyone takes with sex. No contraceptive is 100% effective. Just to throw this out there though, a one night stand is the act of a moron for so many reasons, STD's being one. 
 Originally Posted by Bitwise Love how many people are always assuming the man has to be the horrible one.. And only chican has mentioned the possible other end of the story. What if say.. you're a man. take a woman out for a one night stand. And the woman provides you with a condom or says she is on the pill. But then in the end she tricked you, poked holes in the condom, lied about the pill, etc. And she gets pregnant. Should the man quietly accept his fate now? yes he should . After all women are always the victims 
 Originally Posted by Guybrush888 ^ That is the risk anyone takes with sex. No contraceptive is 100% effective. Just to throw this out there though, a one night stand is the act of a moron for so many reasons, STD's being one. Indeed it never is, but a >99% chance is still not bad a chance. No casual walk across the street is 100% safe, is that enough reason to skip on that as well? It may not be my kind of lifestyle, but it does exist and I don't see too much wrong with it as long as you use protection. If someone knowingly and willingly tampers with said protection though, then it becomes a different sort of deal. To go back to crossing the street, kind of the difference between someone accidentally running into you and someone slamming the pedal to run into you on purpose. 
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.' " - Isaac Asimov 
 Street analogy - Smart way - look both ways before crossing Dumb way - run right out into street One night stand ( already derp, but whatever ) Smart way - bring your own protection, inquire to her reproduction schedule ( Is she day 1-11, day 12-16, day 17-22, or 23-28 (eww, hah) Dumb way - let her provide protection, or take her word for it In the street example - you can look and made an informed decision as to when to cross In the one night stand - you are taking a chance ( non informed decision ) As for the 99%...depends on the method used. Condom, condom with spermicide, birth control pill ( which is misleading since it doesn't prevent pregnancy, it just regulates a cycle ), diaphragm, etc... The real question anyone needs to ask themselves first is: "Is a few hours ( or minutes depending on who you are ) of sex with a stranger worth the risk of becoming a father or developing a STD?" A smart person would say no, a moron wouldn't have stopped to ponder the question. 
 Originally Posted by Bitwise And the woman provides you with a condom or says she is on the pill. But then in the end she tricked you, poked holes in the condom, lied about the pill, etc. And she gets pregnant. Should the man quietly accept his fate now? That accounts for more ifs than I took into consideration. I've seen people in a doomed relationship take the "a kid will make us stay together" approach. To that end, it is unconscionable but seemingly legal for a woman you trust and have been sleeping with for 2+ years to suddenly go off the pill, not tell you, and intentionally turn make up sex into "now you'll never dump me" sex. Should the man have to pay? I do not believe he should as it is an act of deceit, fraud if you will, on the part of a woman. In your scenario, not only is the woman being deceitful but this is a stranger. Though there are many stupid people out there, we've clearly reached the extreme end of the spectrum where you are in a position to get a girl, and you put on the condom the stranger girl gave you. you better not pass out afterwards because if you have a wallet and it has your photo id in there she now knows where you live and won't need Maury to find the daddy. In that kinda situation.... Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. Originally Posted by Bitwise Indeed it never is, but a >99% chance is still not bad a chance. No casual walk across the street is 100% safe, is that enough reason to skip on that as well? You can see and hear cars. You can't see or hear an egg when it's inside that tube just ripe and waiting to have your sperm fertilize it. You also can't always see STDs. And you can't hear them. To the tune of aids, unexpected parenthood, extortion, and a host of other problems.... use your hand, wait for the potential girl of your dreams, talk these things through to see where you stand, and then go at it like rabbits. Originally Posted by Bitwise If someone knowingly and willingly tampers with said protection though, then it becomes a different sort of deal. To go back to crossing the street, kind of the difference between someone accidentally running into you and someone slamming the pedal to run into you on purpose. An accident is an accident, not intentional. Intentional tampering with protection is considered reproductive abuse and is a criminal act in.... Sweden. Thus far only women can be considered victims of this and they also represent the majority of victims of this. That does not change the fact that you are more at fault for essentially having sex while stupid to screw a stranger and trust the protection they offer. Condoms cost less than a 2 bucks and there's usually a pharmacy somewhere open late at nite. But please do not ever say "the condom in my wallet expired wanna walk me to get a new one." Be honest. Say or tell a white lie. 1. I think you're nice, let's hold off (you may not want to hold off. in this instance you should) 2. I'd rather buy my own. Accountability. Responsibility. Taking every measure to protect myself and my partner.... (any girl that turns you down after that isn't worthwhile anyway) 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 It's a weirdly common occurrence in my home town for young women to go to house parties for the explicit reason to sleep with a severely inebriated man in order to facilitate pregnancy and trap them into legal custody. Men are not always getting into sexual relationships because they want to, it is possible to take advantage of them. I think a man should be able to opt out the same way a woman should be able to choose whether or not to keep the child. 

 Originally Posted by Bitwise Love how many people are always assuming the man has to be the horrible one.. And only chican has mentioned the possible other end of the story. What if say.. you're a man. take a woman out for a one night stand. And the woman provides you with a condom or says she is on the pill. But then in the end she tricked you, poked holes in the condom, lied about the pill, etc. And she gets pregnant. Should the man quietly accept his fate now? People who have one night stands are total idiots in the first place. Both the male and female are putting themselves at risk of STDs and also possibly putting themselves in a dangerous situation. That person is a stranger and you don't know anything about them. No protection is 100% and if you are having sex with someone you don't know, who could be a total psycho, then you are 50% to blame if she gets pregnant on purpose, or otherwise. The man in that case isn't a victim, he's a stupid twat with no self control. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 It's a legal mine field. It would seem there are two reasons men are normally not considered victims of this: 1. He is discarding his sperm so what one does with what he discards is no longer up to him 2. The consensus is that a woman cannot rape a man or by any other means force one to inseminate them And then if men could opt out.... what does this mean for abortion? will a man now also be able to say "keep the baby" and have that right since at least half the fetus is genetically his? If a man can opt out, certainly he can opt in right? that makes sense to me under certain circumstances. But then there's Snap. KT, you see that these women are intentionally abusing the system, don't the potential victims also see this? And why doesn't anyone say "hey do not drink" or "do not go to that party?" They make a conscious choice to party. And then drink. Knowing what may happen and that the law is NOT on their side. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Bitwise has already bought up this point, but how would you prove this in say a court of law? I do agree with the point, and in these situations there is a double standard no question. Is it the norm though, say compared to guys who can't deal with consequences of their actions or bail at the first sign of manning up? And whichever way you cut it, contraception is a two way street. Not saying making your significant other take her pills in front of you is the pinnacle of romance, but neither is trying to slip on a condom when things have gotten beyond hot like 5 minutes ago. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai It's a weirdly common occurrence in my home town for young women to go to house parties for the explicit reason to sleep with a severely inebriated man in order to facilitate pregnancy and trap them into legal custody. Men are not always getting into sexual relationships because they want to, it is possible to take advantage of them. I think a man should be able to opt out the same way a woman should be able to choose whether or not to keep the child. It's probably not nearly as many women as you think and on the off chance there are, that makes your hometown an extreme out-lier. D: Men don't get to opt out the same way women get to opt out since they don't get the thrill of nine months of pregnancy. 

 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Bitwise has already bought up this point, but how would you prove this in say a court of law? Not sure if it can be proved BUT in the case of women who (eventually) seek help, this seems to come down to verbal abuse, emotional abuse, and at times physical force. There's a book called "Love Me or I'll Kill You" that covers damn near the entire spectrum of abuse an actual woman did suffer because of a man. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Is it the norm though, say compared to guys who can't deal with consequences of their actions or bail at the first sign of manning up? I. Don't. Know. I'm sitting here with a dumb look actually thinking about this even though I know it's not going to come to me. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. contraception is a two way street I think there's a communication gap regarding contraception as a whole. I don't use the pill or any other hormone. the time to say that is not 11pm when things have reached explosive. But anytime I say this, weeks before anything physical happened, there's this stupid look on your face like you either can't believe I'm not on the pill or have no idea how to use a condom. At the other end of that there are girls who have relied on the pill forever and never worrying about disease. Similarly there are guys who have only experienced women with the pill and when faced with a condom, it's like a disease or they suddenly have the biggest penis in the world. Oi vey. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I think a man should be able to opt out the same way a woman should be able to choose whether or not to keep the child. I more or less agree with this, if only for the fact that a woman choosing to keep a child is making the decision for both herself and the father. He just has to accept it, or be labeled a scumbag forever. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Men don't get to opt out the same way women get to opt out since they don't get the thrill of nine months of pregnancy. In an ideal society the woman would not be forced to go through with the pregnancy if she did not want to. I realize that the situation I described is not the norm, not by any stretch, but it does happen. If the only solution is to never drink and never party, even among friends, for fear that you might wake up a father then I'm not so sure that it's a solution. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I think a man should be able to opt out the same way a woman should be able to choose whether or not to keep the child. I figured it out. Contractual Sex. And we could do it I suppose. Sperm Banks normally do not ever contact men who donate sperm and on the form check the box that says they want to be an anonymous donor. If 2 people are in a committed relationship they can come up with the terms for an equally legally binding agreement that they must uphold in the event of a child. It should make some allocations for the possibility that during all those hormonal changes, the woman changes her mind OR the couple finds out there's a good possibility the baby will not be healthy. I don't know if it could work for one nite stands. Unless you're one nite stand is your lawyer or whatever. In any case, this is a start. Originally Posted by KT Samurai If the only solution is to never drink and never party, even among friends, for fear that you might wake up a father then I'm not so sure that it's a solution. There's a difference between having a drink, getting **** faced drunk, and drinking til you sprout gills.... 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
