http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155059-Hentai-Kamen-(Panty-Man)-Review
 Hentai Kamen (Panty-Man) - Review -
 "Hentai Kamen" is a Japanese film that I've been desperately waiting to watch, yet hadn't found the opportunity for fan-sub let alone any sub until just today. I'm happy to say; I was not disappointed. "Hentai Kamen" is a superhero movie with quite the originality to say the very least. It's about a high school boy by the name Kyosuke Shikijo who instantly falls in desperate love for "the new girl" (Aiko Himeno). The following day, she is a hostage and as Kyosuke tries to mask himself and save her, he accidentally wears a pair of panties making him realize he has the ability to gain supernatural abilities by wearing used panties and becoming a pervert, otherwise known as "Panty-Man" or "Hentai Kamen". He uses this power to rid the world of evil from then on, trying to save people while still remaining normal out of costume in order to get to the girl of his dreams. This movie is possibly the most ridiculous one I've ever seen, but it's great because of that. You never know what is going to be next just because its that damn silly. Now, one could easily argue that there are plot holes in this movie, and it doesn't have the most intricate plot; but you know what? That's alright. "Hentai Kamen" is like the monty-python and other such silly movies in the sense that you're there to laugh, be immature, and be okay with that. Now this may be because I myself am still a really immature teenager but I found myself almost at tears from laughter in this movie. Aside from all that, aside from all the terribly corny scenes and jokes, it still is quite frankly... not that bad. I haven't actually seen many Japanese movies other than animated ones but I have to say the acting was pretty good. The action scenes, while hilarious were damn cool. And it's just an overall fun movie. I rate it 7/10 I wish I could rate it more, because I really did enjoy it that much and really did laugh that much. However, I simply can't, due to all the other great movies out there. Either way, I highly recommend it. That is of course if you manage to find it fan subbed, or can just speak Japanese. I had to actually download the movie itself raw from a private tracker and then find a link amongst many comments to find the subs, then add the subs to the movie itself. Trailer: 
 Wearing used girls panties on his head gives him supernatural powers???And what happened to spinach? Who longs to those good old days of innocence the days of Popeye the Sailor man. 
 Last edited by Daisky; 01-27-2014 at 04:14 PM. 
