http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141674-Do-You-Still-Watch-TV
 Do You Still Watch TV?
 I find with my hobbies I have these days that I have no time for watching TV. I also think most shows on TV these days are just boring. I personally don't watch TV anymore. Do your hobbies of anime, manga and/or video games, etc take up too much of your time to watch TV? Or are you just as uninterested as to what's on as I am? Originally Posted by BuddyLee I'd just like to state that if you download TV shows and watch them on your computer, then yes, you do watch TV. 
 Last edited by Zainox; 04-17-2013 at 02:03 AM. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 No. Tv is too far away from my comp. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 My TV is right next to my desk but I hardly ever turn it on. So no, I don't really watch it except when a really good show/movie is on, which doesn't happen often. 

 Only to watch a movie but I don´t do that so often... However I sometimes connect my laptop to a smaler tv-screen to watch anime from the computer on the tv ^_^ 
 I'd just like to state that if you download TV shows and watch them on your computer, then yes, you do watch TV. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee I'd just like to state that if you download TV shows and watch them on your computer, then yes, you do watch TV. ^ This pretty much sums up the entire thread. If you watch any shows, anime included, you are for all intents and purposes watching "tv". Considering everyone probably watches some type of video entertainment that is, or was at one point televised.... 
 Nope. T.v. is for chumps 

 I watch, T.V. shows, anime, news etc. All on the T.V. Rarely do I watch streams from the CPU. Matter of fact, currently my cable has been cut and so has the internet..so I'm forced to stream from my phone and troll A4 using the mobile version atm, but at least until Tuesday. I'm not A fan of DVD's or films. The T.V. is more my tastes. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I do, but not as often as I used to. Anime aside that is. There's still some shows watching-worthy. 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 I still do watch T.V. Haha. ^^ 
 If you ever fall in love with another girl.. I wouldn't be able to live on! 
 Hardly ever use cable anymore to watch anything haha Mostly on my xbox playing video games or watch netflix or I'm on the computer :P 
 If we're referring to the actual 'TV', then very rarely. I'm not home very often, and when I am I'm sleeping, eating, or on the computer. Occasionally I'll go On Demand and catch up with the Daily Show or Community or something like that. But if you're talking about TV shows, then yes. Often. I actually spend the majority of my time on the computer watching DVDs or Netflix. 
http://www.drawninmotion.com/ http://www.allyournerd.us/ 
 TV is just a box in which to transport medium through. A computer is just a very complicated tv in a sense. I spend very little watching tv throughout the week except for game of thrones on sundays. Speaking of which I will be watching it in about 5 minutes. 
 yeah i do, only with new episodes on mondays and tuesdays on channels: cartoon network and abc family :3 and i can't help but watch toonami on adult swim at midnight saturdays. i could watch the anime online but i just like the nostalgic feeling of staying up all night just to watch anime. 
http://wishlistclimax.tumblr.com/ 
 i do watch alot of tv watching shows like walking dead, big bang theary, two and a half men, regular show, pawn stars ect... but ever since i got hulu i cut back on watching tv a whole lot i only watch tv to let my ps3 cool down so i dont watch too much tv anymore. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 nope i have netflix hulu and amazon instant plus dvd's but i still watch sports though 
 I do. Although, I only watch Doctor Who, Game of Thrones, Top Gear, Adventure Time, and Toonami on Saturday nights. 
 Meh, unless I see an awesome TV show like Hannibal or Dexter, then no. And I only download, **** cable television; censored, there are ads. It's just horrible. 
 I'm actually watching more tv now than I have in the last decade. Working nights, I avoided prime time television for more than a decade but now that a lot of the shows are appearing on On-Demand, I can catch them. Currently watching: The Americans Game of Thrones Grimm Warehouse 13 Defiance Vegas Red Widow Revolution 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Originally Posted by Guybrush888 ^ This pretty much sums up the entire thread. If you watch any shows, anime included, you are for all intents and purposes watching "tv". Considering everyone probably watches some type of video entertainment that is, or was at one point televised.... 10 posts in the thread later and people still don't understand this fact. Good job everyone! 
 I do not watch tv except when my basketball team who I follow plays. Such a big fan it's the only reason I pay for cable. Other than that anything I'm interested online is I acquire through "other" ways , with out the insane amount of ads. Other than that though I rarely watch tv. Anime/tv shows/twitch tv(live gaming streams) keep me entertained. 
 Nope. I watch all my shows in my computer. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee 10 posts in the thread later and people still don't understand this fact. Good job everyone! They would need to read it first Buddy we know that people here can't read I watch TV via Hulu, Crunchyroll, Amazon Prime, and Netflix(Streaming and by Mail) I actually watch them on my TV though I have cable service it is not hooked up and I do not use it. 
 Not me guys. My response was accurate and honest. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee I'd just like to state that if you download TV shows and watch them on your computer, then yes, you do watch TV. Which, I do not. :P 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
