http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?122604-Paper-or-Digital/page4
 Paper or Digital? - Page 4
 Digital......all the way, in fact i am surprised so many people here prefer paper over digital. I find it easier to read from a screen. So much more convenient, you can read in bad lighting, hold more than one book or work in one small device, a huge library to chose from and obtain new books in moments. Paper is such a waste of resources, and i do not feel like adding to that. 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 I love my book collection in my flat, but I also own a kindle paperwhite. I find the kindle comfortable to hold and read. It's E-ink display doesn't strain your eyes more than a normal book would. In comparison to reading off a ipad or phone screen the e-ink is much more easy on the eyes. I do find myself reading more on the kindle because of the cheap/free books. Most books are around £2 (bit more expensive for chart books) and there are hundreds of free ones. Always have my kindle in my bag, always read it on the tube when I can't get a paper. 
 Nothing better than an actual book(except for the weight maybe). It doesn't strain your eyes and it improves your concentration. Also the smell of new books is absolutely delighting. 
 I prefer the e-books, I don't have to carry a lot of books around then. Also for me e-books are cheaper than hard copies 

 I take my manga like i take my alcohol. Beamed directly into my brain. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 I read books made out of paper and ink, but, on the other hand, I read manga on the internet. 
 I love real books. There is something just neat of physically being able to hold a book and turn it's pages. The scent of the book. The cover. The stack of books or the shelves of books..it's wonderful. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 I'm more used to actual paper books and never used eBooks or that, The entire strain on my eyes might be the reason why, like reading text on the net here can get a bit much after awhile. The thing about eBooks, if I ever do decide to get one would be the cost and the availability that I can pay a fraction of the price and just do that from home and not have to go to the bookstore. still though even with those benefits I'd probably always rather enjoy paper books more. they just need shelf space and I'm just more used to reading from them then text with a back-light and on some screen. 
 i got a kindle for christmas, but i never use it. actually plan on selling it, just too lazy to post it on cl lol. anyway, i prefer reading an actual book. i like the feel of paper between my fingers, folding dog ears, and just the weight of the book in my hands. i don't think that's ever going to change when it comes to reading for me. 
be. cause. you. don't. know us at all we laugh when old people fall. but what would you expect with a conscience so small?
 Real books: You can feel them, flip the pages and run your hands along the ink. You can smell them, the old and new ones, the sweet aroma of paper. You can use them to decorate your home, coffee table books, magazines, anything. You can study with them, highlighters, post it notes and pens written in textbooks. You can shop for them, go out and drink your Starbucks while browsing through the endless shelves. You can read them anywhere and not worry about severe damage that would prevent you from reading them. Ebooks: You can download them. You can read them. You can edit font size and various details on the page. You can never read them just anywhere, they might get wet and be destroyed. 
Humankind cannot gain anything without first sacrificing something else in return. To obtain, something of equal value must be lost.
 I tend to prefer paper since reading off of an ebook hurts my eyes after a while; and also I like turning pages in a book, it feels refreshing and more personal to read from the real thing 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
 Paper books. I mean, ebooks are fine and all, but I just like having something physical to hold. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 I prefer paper to digital, I like the feel of the paper and going over the ink with my fingers. I've also grown up reading books so reading them on a tablet feels unorthodox. 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
 While books are more enjoyable, digital versions are more practical. U can read them in office or during lectures XD 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by jugger While books are more enjoyable, digital versions are more practical. U can read them in office or during lectures XD You can books too. 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
 paper all the way! the smell of a new one and you don't need an outlet to read a paper book 
 http://myanimelist.net/animelist/BAKAwatcher
 Originally Posted by The Watcher paper all the way! the smell of a new one haha yeah I was gonna say this! The smell of a new manga just gives me goosebumps, it's so nostalgic. I'm not trying to be funny when I say this this is legit, when I get a new manga (which isn't often 'cause I'm poor >.<) I find myself putting my nose in the middle of the pages every now and then and taking a good whiff then I let out a big sigh xP 
 I've started downloading books and short stories onto my phone. Books in the public domain. But if I really like a certain book I have to have it in paper as well. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 It strains my eyes too much to stare at a screen to read a book. I find it much easier to read print. Plus I like reading before bed and it completely defeats the purpose by reading from a screen. The blue light from looking at electronic screens right before bed can disturb your sleep. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by cberg It strains my eyes too much to stare at a screen to read a book. I find it much easier to read print. Plus I like reading before bed and it completely defeats the purpose by reading from a screen. The blue light from looking at electronic screens right before bed can disturb your sleep. Not that you have to but you might want to check out e ink devices. I'm not sure on the details but they are different then regular tablets. Kindle has different models to look out. Paperwhite or something like that. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Digital books are awesome. The ebook readers right now are super easy on the eyes as well. I tend to read a lot of 700-1000 page books, so when you're reading that much content, it's just so much easier to read in bed with an ebook reader. They're also cheaper, can be retrieved instantly, and there's no risk of losing them because they're on your account so even if your reader is destroyed you can access them again easily. Yeah, I don't think I could ever go back to using paper books as a standard. 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Not that you have to but you might want to check out e ink devices. I'm not sure on the details but they are different then regular tablets. Kindle has different models to look out. Paperwhite or something like that. i don't like the e-ink devices either. I have jumpy eyes when reading and tend to read slower on those devices too. Plus my books get a lot of wear and tear and one of those things would be as good as gone. 
  Spoiler 
 I use to say the same thing too until I got a kindle, and it was a world of difference. The only thing I do not like about it is that I have always like to collect comics, and so not have a physical collection kinda stinks. I NEED MORE THINGS TO HORDE! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/transpup
 My cell phone has two options. A white background with black print or a dark background with white print. I like the latter, which is better for night. 
Jigen Daisuke: "The difference between my gun and a real woman - my gun is always faithful".
 All my family have kindles, I myself won't and neither will my dad. I like reading a book in paper form so that's that haha. I also love going to Waterstones 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
