http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155210-Cor-po-re-um
[OOC] Cor.po.re.um
 Corporeum Become your true self In the future, how ever near you wish to be, a dystopian world rose and you are being controlled. Every human, animal, or any living being lives are being controlled, from where you live, what job you do, what you do, what you believe, and to where you die. Even small as plants, only few plants in the world ever born outside the greenhouse they are nurtured and harvested as the last plant species survives. ..... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- I'm being too melodramatic aren't I, let me rephrase this.... In the future, the world is fed up of dreams and ambitions. They don't want artists, they want doctors, prefects, and teachers. They annoyed of the world and therefore believe we lost our right to live in it. So with bills and acts, they created a artificial world where you the person want to be controlled. Where by giving up your freedom, you can never do wrong to anyone, you can never make mistakes, or basically where every human being is perfect.... How easy it is, to live in a world were people can live in huge villas and live the easy life? How can you attain this? Corporeum. Mothers of expecting child/ren, can do a procedure where the baby reaches it's fetus stage, and use a shot to inject the desired trait of every perfect trait along with traits to do a certain job. So when the baby leaves the mother, it won't cause any trouble, it's like 10 years of parenting done for you. This world I'm telling you is a world where no crime exists, no pain, no hurt, no suffering occur. THIS IS CORPOREUM. It;s the paradise humans envisioned. So why .... why would you reject it? Later on, it became mandatory that children must get injected with corporeum and what used to be for the rich became a letter signing your off freedom. Corporeum didn't become a shot anymore, it became a way of life - alternating your genes, your way of living so it can benefit others. People later learn the shot doesn't remove emotions so they control that - people really aren't happy being having their lives done for them. Of course if they reject it, people won't live that perfect life and will enter a path people are afraid to go. A group has united to show the world the path exists and people can be free. So therefore .... can you join us Plot: You are part of the organization: unLEASH. You and your squad will lead your city towards the truth. Optional: Find an cure for corporeum : Possibly find creator to collaborate .... Opportunities are endless Rules: No godmodding -no controlling other char No speed posting- posting too much No one liners, please have atleast 2 paragraphs Proper spelling OC Appearance) Name: Age: Gender: Personality: How you found unLEASHED: What job did Corporeum place you: Relationships (are they friends or in a romantic relationship with somebody?) : Talents (optional): Family (who are your character's parents? do they have siblings? which family do they belong to?): Living arrangements (how and where does your character live?) Biography: Complications (As to relationships, friendships, and/or life all together) : Strengths and weaknesses (must have at least one for each but be realistic!) : Other facts: Define Happiness(in your own words): 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
