http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?108347-So-Ra-No-Wo-To
 So Ra No Wo To
 So Ra No Wo To "The story is set in the future on a land that, after being marred by long-lasting wars, has settled into quiet decline. Model and actress Juri Aikawa will play Kanata Kumika, a 15-year-old girl who fulfills her dream of enlisting in the army and joins a unit of five girls who protect a fortress. The girls also play music that reverberate across the skies over towns without people and seas without fish. ASCII MediaWorks' Monthly Comic Dengeki Daioh magazine will launch a manga version of the story this winter." - ANN www.sorawoto.com --------------------- So Ra No Wo To is a comedy/moe-smorgasborg scheduled for 12 episodes. Whoa, K-ON! set in the Italian countryside. I'm not kidding. The animation style is exactly the same, and the main character from K-ON! could damn will be the twin of Kanata, main character of SoRa. She's giftedly ditzy, she gets side-tracked by cats, and she sucks at her chosen instrument but loves it anyway. Moe goodness all around. Someone PM KT Samurai, we're gonna need a bigger boat. The animation is top quality, however, with some of the best backgrounds I've seen in television anime. The character animation is done in that excellent K-ON! style that really translates well into movement, thus all the moe moments are beautifully rendered. The music, since it doesn't depend on a cutesy pop-rock style, might actually be a plus in this series, with at least one of Kanata's unit displaying proficiency with the trumpet. I sort of doubt we're going to see any kind of story develop, but you never know, and there are some possible plot elements hinted it, with an as-of-yet unexplained relationship between the trumpet playing soldier who inspired Kanata, and her new trumpet instructor at the fortress. It's too soon to judge the other characters involved, since this episode centered mostly on Kanata, but they definitely hit a few of the more popular stereotypes. Think Strike Witches with a smaller cast and no striking or witchery. The first episode was really pretty, and teased enough possible substance that I'm going to at least give it a chance. 
"I teach Karate, Judo, and Sumo on the Internet. Come at me." -- Professor Ueda
