http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157244-Anime-that-have-ended-without-finishing/page2
[Anime] Anime that have ended without finishing. - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Onii-Chan I hated Neko. She reminded me of Snooki. I loved Subaru she was my favorite character. *sigh* Subaru is a great character, sucks that she and Jirou  Spoiler finally get together but the other two ****ing love interests are tacked on to them, living with them in the mansion together where they will no doubt just cause awkward tension and be teases to Jirou. At least Neko wasn't so clingy to Jirou like the other two love interests. 
 Kaze no Stigma, although this one has a valid reason as the authour died before it finished. But still, they could produce a worthwhile story out of it. Nisekoi, not sure if it was an ending or it's just me not being satisfied with the ending, but I feel there wasn't a definite conclusion. Noragami, but correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it's supposed to have a second season? Sent from my Galaxy S5 using Tapatalk 
 Leader of the Toaru Majutsu no Index group. 
 Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple. This show ended at chapter 143 in the manga out of 500+. So there is a lot more to develop, but its been roughly 7 or 8 years since the end of the 2nd season. I wish the anime would have continued and I know there were 9 OVA's were made in 2013, however with this current age of anime and fan service I wouldn't want the show to be ruined. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 In some mesure HuntrxHunter. It was like Bleach the anime stopped to follow the manga. 
 Okay, maybe I'm being shallow ( or watching the wrong anime ), but it seems to me that almost every story never really finishes, just pauses at a moment in time. Granted there are some stories where a person is thrown into a situation which is finally resolved, but there are many which leave you wondering what may happen next. The way Btoom ended implied what may have happened afterwards, but it would have been nice to see a few more eps played out. Well, that would have finished a situation. But then another story, A Certain Scientific Railgun followed by A Certain Magical Index covers many events but does not really end. The characters continue with their lives and I'm sure that more could happen after the last ep. Even Clannad, I'd like to see an after/after story. It's all like life, tomorrow's another day for new experiences. 

 Yeah. The anime for Index ends there but is continued furthur in the light novels if your looking for a continuation. Sent from my Galaxy S5 using Tapatalk 
 Leader of the Toaru Majutsu no Index group. 
 - Highschool of the Dead: Didn't mind the anime. Seemed to pander a bit to the younger male audience rather than focusing on the survival of a bunch of teens in a world that is falling apart, so it may have dug it's own grave (no pun intended) when it came to keeping this series going. -Air Gear: May be similar problem as HSotD but not to the same extent. I found after watching it that there were so many unresolved issues, so many key elements missed and it just sort of seem to end very quickly, almost like they ran out of ideas or money. I think that part of the problem, when it comes to story elements, is that a few of these series build themselves up so big that it becomes too much work to reground the original message without sacrificing the integrity of the story. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 I agree with GriffMeister's line of thought. To name another show- Trinity Blood. 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by NuttsnBolts - Highschool of the Dead: Didn't mind the anime. Seemed to pander a bit to the younger male audience rather than focusing on the survival of a bunch of teens in a world that is falling apart, so it may have dug it's own grave (no pun intended) when it came to keeping this series going. -Air Gear: May be similar problem as HSotD but not to the same extent. I found after watching it that there were so many unresolved issues, so many key elements missed and it just sort of seem to end very quickly, almost like they ran out of ideas or money. I think that part of the problem, when it comes to story elements, is that a few of these series build themselves up so big that it becomes too much work to reground the original message without sacrificing the integrity of the story. @Ringo : the manga is over now. In my opinion the anime used just to launch the manga. 
 Rurouni Kenshin and Black Lagoon for me. Good thing the manga existed for the former. As for the latter... *guffaws mournfully* 
 I don't think Sekirei has Finished besides that, it's Deadman Wonderland 
