http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?118566-A4-s-Photography-Contest-Round-1
 A4's Photography Contest: Round 1
 A photo contest is coming to A4 and we want you to be in it! This hopefully will be the first round of many to come. For this first round the subject will be LANDSCAPES Landscapes are a staple in photography so you might think it'll be easy but lets see how A4 will fare. Now onto the rules for this: All photo's must be original, and un-edited (you must be the creator of the photograph) Photo's must be taken at the time of the contest no old archived photo's (with this being march break time for a lot of you lets try and get some nice new photo's) Photo's will be judged on subject matter, composition, and artistic quality. (read on for our surprise celebrity judges!) Prize for this first contest is a $15 (canadian) gift certificate to "Amazon" (valid at all "Amazon" sites actual value outside of canada will fluctuate based on current exchange rates) Winners will be notified by P.M to provide a valid email adress for prize delivery. All photo's must remain accessible for the duration of the contest (ie hosted on a reliable site) Contestants will be limited to two (2) entries in each round. Users attempting to create multiple accounts for more entries will be disqualified from all future contests and probably some other bad stuff! Contest will run until 11:59 pm (EST) Saturday April 2nd, at which time entries will no longer be accepted. The winner will be announced shortly thereafter. In addition to the $$$ (provided by me) the winner may also have another little treat curtesy of the admin Good luck to all the entreants! Oh and I nearly forgot in addition to myself, our other celebrity judges for this round will be none other than......  Spoiler A4's resident super mod Shannon Apple and the incomprable Shian Kiri! Let's get those shutters moving people! 
 Last edited by Froggy; 03-13-2011 at 04:22 PM. Reason: added prize details 
How many anime fans does it take to change a lightbulb? A4's first photography contest $15 prize! The Winner is.... link here: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...ontest-Round-1 link to pictures of the lunar eclipse: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...clipse-Tonight!
