http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155013-Amagi-Brilliant-Park
[Comedy] Amagi Brilliant Park
 Japanese publisher Fujimi Shobo announced today on January 15 that an anime adaptation of Shoji Gatoh's latest light novel series Amagi Brilliant Park is in the works. The first volume of the series illustrated by Yuka Nakajima (Listen to Me, Girls. I Am Your Father!) was published from the Fujimi Fantasia Bunko label on February 20, 2013, two years and six months after the release of the final/12th volume of his long-running series Full Metal Panic!. The second volume was published on August 20, 2013, and the third is scheduled this week on January 18. The anime is produced by Kyoto Animation, the company previously worked on the two TV anime series based on Full Metal Panic! novels, the second series Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu in 2003 and the third series Full Metal Panic! The Second Raid in 2005 (the first series was produced by GONZO). The story centers around a high school student Seiya Kanie. On a Sunday, a mysterious transfer student who carries a musket gun Isuzu Sento takes him to an old and deserted amusement park Amagi Brilliant Park in Amagi-city, which is located in the western part of Tokyo. He is told that if the park can't attract 100,000 visitors in the next two weeks, it will be closed immediately. For some reason, Seiya has to save the park as an acting manager. The support video created by the illustrator of the novel Yuka Nakajima: - Source: Crunchyroll News 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 First episode has aired! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 A rather dull and boring episode one, to say the least. Episode 2 is probably where I'll drop it. As expected of Kyoani, something that's just average in every aspect and not really worth a damn. 

 Moffle? More like fumoffu. It was entertaining it the last minute, pulling out a musket out of your skirt is pretty impressive. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ Moffle? More like fumoffu. I haven't watched this yet, but I recognized that reference immediately from the picture. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Are you guys talking about Full Metal Panic? Fumo is what I gathered. Fumo fumo. 
 That Moffle needs to get a beating for his self-righteous attitude. 
 - My Anime List
 I'm surprised to see this thread's current dead state. I haven't been watching the anime myself, but I checked out the most recent episode and was not really disappointed. The animation is really good, clear and pretty visuals. Sound is okay, voice acting is average but satisfying. I mean, I still am not a huge fan of whatever plot I managed to get from the first episode, but the drama is...still a bit engaging for a new scru bivewer like myself. The colorful cast of characters is amusing, nothing too off with anyone one person. Is there not a following for this anime at A4? It's by the guy who made Full Metal Panic apparently. It's got plenty of kawaii desu females with excellent figures, so where are all the harem fanboys at? There's plenty in this forum, and I think they'd enjoy this even if it isn't a harem anime (yet). 
 Hmmm... If you put it that way, I may reconsider the series again if i manage to dig up a hole in my time schedule for the coming Xmas.... 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 It's got a really smart MC. It has a slew of cute females. Not much fanservice, but when it arrives it arrives hard. Funny, cute visuals and colorful characters. A bit of a romance story, I don't know the full lengths but I wouldn't invest much time into any romance with this anime. I thought the casual ecchii fans and the harem fanboys would be drooling over this. 
 Ive actually watched every week besides last weeks episode. Yes it's amazing but not much to really talk about. 
 Def one of the best shows this season. Loved every episode. 

 Sora, I totally believe you. I'm actually going to pay more attention to the manga now, because we all know anime mostly end with unresolved but decent endpoints. Everything about the animation and sound was just uplifting and damn good. 
 I finished it! Hilarious and a rather unique one. Hope there'll be a season 2 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 There has to be a season two. Theres a wizard on the loose, no romance which is okay if they play it out right and maybe a little more character development great stuff very proud to have it on my list of watched anime. 
 They should get into Sento's story! Princess' is partly-cleared I hope we wont have to wait long for s2 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Sad to see only 13 episodes, nevertheless a great show. I love how things went. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
