http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144063-Internet-Alias
[General Discussion] Internet Alias
 So we all have usernames, might change them or not (even alter them and leave the basic root) but some of us have a sort of "alias". As an example: I have been Aoide for 2 years (or so) and I sign in pretty much everywhere with it BUT in many forums regardless of my username I ask people to call me Shira (haven't done it here though), some internet friends even call me Shira on social networks, I find it kind of hilarious. So, what about you guys? 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 My middle name is Róisín, so I have used variations of that on other sites and in online games. This of course gets shortened to Rois or Rosi or Rosey. It's pretty hilarious to see people write one of these, or Shannon on my facebook wall. I am sure my real life friends are wondering "wtf" because not many of them know about my gamer side lol. On the outside, I am this girly girl, who plays the odd video game, but I think I am a massive closet nerd and only those very close to me see it. Hehe! 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Hahahaha I definitely know the feeling xD Specially because I get called Shira-chan in a convo in English (I barely use English in social networks, since my main language is Spanish) so its something that immediately grab people's attention 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 I used to go by the name of Master Life when I would sign up for things, but then I sort of went through a phase of random names, such as A Monkey, and Infinity. My youtube channel name is Infinite Monkey. However I used the alias Randomness on Pokemon Online battle simulator when I tested teams. And I found that I liked that name better, so from then on, I have used Randomness, and if it was unavailable, I would use Randoms. Sometimes, usually on Pokemon Online, I use the name Ridiculousness, or Awesomeness, or a variation of all three. Hence my title under my user name here on A4: "Ridiculously Awesome Randomness" 
  Spoiler 
 The current one I have and "Nilfiry" in its exact format. If you see those usernames, it is definitely me..., unless someone is going around being unoriginal. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Been going by Kyō now for a number of years now. Think I started using this moniker and variations of it starting in 2008. Demon Kyo, Demon Eyes Kyo. My original moniker? I think it was Digimon related. But back in the day, I used "Nemesis" for a long time. I use Kyō partly because of a nickname some friends coined ages ago, and because it's pretty common. Unique names sometimes invite stalkers. Then the crazies start Googling you and stuff. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Mine should be pretty self explanatory! 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 This thread already exists... But mine is Pured. 
 Originally Posted by Pured This thread already exists... But mine is Pured. In fact, no. It isn't the same as the username thread, or the nickname thread :P 
 GFX Thread / Requests
 It would be beezeh. I've been Itzbeezeh for a year on XBL,(counts as a username) but they know me as beezeh! 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 @Dayne I can't imagine you with those usernames.. My usernames are forum names and gamer tags. xBloody was my first Runescape name when I was 5. I started as xBloodyShadow when I was 9 years old. The x was too overrated for me so when I turned 12 and got back into intense gaming - I was BloodyFallen. Guys thought I was a great online guy to meet and was surprised that I was a chick when they talk to me on Skype or if I tell them my real name. This would always happen on PS3 and on MMORPGS like Dragon Nest. My XBL user is a secret though ^q^! Then I altered my IGN to MsBloodyFallen, so people knew I was a female and wouldn't say I was lying about being a female. 
 Last edited by Tragedy ♥; 07-25-2013 at 07:46 PM. 
 
 Originally Posted by Lu The Great Space Pirate Mine should be pretty self explanatory! y u no go by the name your parents gave you, Sl33py? 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Mine is hagura. It's just a random name I made up. Then I use it everywhere except here. Because I already have alot of people that know me as BE. So I don't feel like changing it. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Some people used to call me Ninja a long while back....mostly because I used to troll the forums as a ninja who spoke in 3rd person inspired by Robert Hamburger's The Real Ultimate Power....and that's how I became A4's ninja master lol 
 Nice guys are the reason you can't have guy friends. Sowy @Pass_the_M
 On forums I'm just known as Takeshi but on socially media sites people just call me by my real name. 
 I'm Chunibyou everywhere except my xbox live gamertag is KillDogma (Feel free to add me). 
 Use to be simply "BryGuy" as a nickname I gave myself in 2001, cause of my love for the Shy Guys in Paper Mario. In 2008, I added "Shinigami" cause of the anime "Soul Eater", my respect to an old friend who was blocked off of A4 "I Am Shinigami", my obsession with Death/Grim Reaper, and cause BryGuy Shinigami had the same initials as my real name. In May 2013, I added "Anarchy" as a middle name cause I am an Anarchist Libertarian (politically Libertarian, philosophically Anarchism) and cause my RL life middle name starts with a name, so the BAS alias fits my BAS RL initials. Cause I am a Pegasister and love My Little Pony, I am making aliases out of the Mane 6: (So far Rainbow Da$h, Flutter Beats, & Apple Jack Anarchy has been revealed, the other 3 will be revealed later). I have a few others like Bryant, The Creator (in respect to Tyler, The Creator), and many I will make in the spur of the moment than forget them as quick as I make them. *President Pinkie Pie has been added. This is actually a nickname of my friend Ashley who cosplays as Pinkie Pie. (Tammy's best friend). I use it as the Pinkie theme, but it isn't my Pinkie Pie nickname* 
 Last edited by Lily Hardcore; 07-23-2013 at 10:23 AM. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 It took two years to have people realise that Nutter was my actual name and not an Alias, so now I just use NuttsnBolts for many accounts. Not to mention Nutter for some reason is a common Alias on the internet. NuttsnBolts also is a reference to my continual interest in mechanical stuff and the desire to create something. A Bolt is a simple fastening device but with many it can create structures that we can dream of. Not to mention but a Nut and Bolt do go together quite well. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Antigravity, Shana, TsundereArmy. That's three names I use for forums. I also had a small stint as PjLadd but then I realized that was a skateboarder lol 

 Since sometime last year ive used the name kenji for lots of things but since this is the first forum ive ever been on it will be the first time ive used it online 
 I'm pretty much Takera =) Its the name I take everywhere I sign up, even on social media I prefer people to just call me Tak, I only know of a few people that call me by my real name, my parents and some of my close friends. even on college my name is registered as Takera <last name>. My brother actually came up with it when we were younger. I dislike my birth name and I kind of liked the name he came up with, so I sort of grew into it. I know that a lot of people think that Takera comes from Japanese names that start with Taka or Take but infact no weeaboo stuff was involved in the creation of my name =) 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 People I know call me Jellz in real life. It started as Jelly (before people used it as short for jealous) but it changed because my friends thought it would be nice to throw a Z at the end. I rolled with it and now I basically use some form of Jellz as my name just about everywhere online and in video games. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 I am either Pinky (something or other), Parie, ParieSirTalis or Parietalis. I stopped using the last two as much though, simply because people can't seem to remember them =( The last three are all related to one of my favorite reptiles, Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis =3 
 Both Thanks to Sl33py =3 My Tumblr Click me and feed some needy shelter animals, for FREE! 
 My alias is just Archangel or Archangel's Wrath. I used both here on the forums but I changed it to The Archangel because the one prior, it was too long and people were calling me Wrath or just plain having to call me the whole thing which was difficult. Still though, I'm endearingly called Arch, Archie, Archy, Angel etc... -_- U know who u are. Everything but Archangel. It's not that long.. LOLOLOL. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I´ve always been a bit afraid of getting stalked by a internet connection. The thought of a internet friend looking me up IRL has always creeped me out so except from using a username like Locita (or MissLocita) I also almost never use the name people call me by. However... Here on A4 it´s kindá different since most people here live in different countries. If you´d ask here I´d say my name is Jonna, which actually is my first name but everyone calls me by my second name. I think that has developed so because my family thought Jonna was too much alike my bothers name Jon (my brother was the person who named me, and he named me after himself) (>.<)' 
