http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149900-Favorite-Anime-Girl/page2
 Favorite Anime Girl - Page 2
 Lain from Serial Experiments Lain. I felt really bad for her and I loved her split personalities. ^_^ 
 Yoruichi Shih from Bleach. Bcause she is pervet and running around naked and abusing Ichigo and she is strong and dangerous and and... What do you think about Bleach girls? 
 Yui from Angel beast.file://localhost/Users/travishawk/Downloads/Angel_Beats__Yui_nyan_san_by_lynneh.jpg as well as Misty from Pokemon, Sailor Jupiter, and Haruhi Suzumiya because she does what ever she wants and always gets away with it. 
 Inori Yuzuriha, She's beautiful,kind,innocent and she can sing picture's in signature BELOW! 

 Eucliwood Hellscythe (and yes, I looked up her name before typing it) She's just takes a whole new take on the "silent girl" personality. What more could I say? (saying more would lead to spoilers...) 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 Mikasa Ackerman from Shingenki No Kyojin 
There are only two paths you can choose. You can sit quietly and be selected out of this world, or you can adapt and change!-Gai Tsutsugami (Guilty Crown) 
 I forgot about Mio Isurugi! - Don't we all love sadistic girls?  Spoiler 
 Last edited by Fate_; 10-07-2013 at 06:35 AM. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I would have to say Miku Hatsune (for right now) because I am a big fan of Vocaloids/Nightcore, and she is by far one of the most popular characters in Vocaloids/Nightcore AMVs. I also think she is one of the sexiest anime characters out there. 
 Originally Posted by Strikercups Mine is Kurisu Makise from Steins Gate; Smart and clever yet funny Kurisu is definetley my favorite tsundere character but to tell you the truth I might of liked Mayuri Shiin even better. once you got used to her voice her story was compelling and i might have cried everytime she was on screen xp 
 Eureka from Eureka Seven. Gorgeous, shy, and different; my kind of woman! :] Her English voice actor (Stephanie Sheh) does an amazing job as well, I could listen to dat voice for years and never get tired of it. Unusual character at first, but so easy to fall for later.  Spoiler 
 The first few that come to mind are: Revy (Black Lagoon) - because she's something of a complex character with social problems and is badass. Roberta (Black Lagoon) - she underwent a major transformation once she left her days of being a guerrilla behind her. And then in the second season, she reimmersed herself in that world and resurrected the Bloodhound for a cause she thought was just. Balalaika (Black LAgoon) - one of the most dangerous women in an anime series. That is all. Ryoko (Tenchi) - of all the girls in Tenchi's Harem, she's the only one who seemed able to live without him. And she had some spunk Bulma (DBZ) - what she lacked in brawn she made up for in brains. She was gutsy and even if she wasn't going to be of much help she would do whatever she could to help her friends/family survive. That and it takes a strong woman to tame Vegeta. Genkai (Yu Yu Hakusho) - not just one of the greatest psychics of all time (in the YYH universe) but also a strategist who could plan out a fight on the fly. Also a bad ass the way Balalaika is. Kagura (Inuyasha) - unlike Naraku's other minions, she had ambition and drive. She was the wild card of his entourage and for that I think she was probably the only reason I stuck with Inuyasha as long as I did. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 Originally Posted by Chicanary The first few that come to mind are: Revy (Black Lagoon) - because she's something of a complex character with social problems and is badass. Roberta (Black Lagoon) - she underwent a major transformation once she left her days of being a guerrilla behind her. And then in the second season, she reimmersed herself in that world and resurrected the Bloodhound for a cause she thought was just. Balalaika (Black LAgoon) - one of the most dangerous women in an anime series. That is all. Ryoko (Tenchi) - of all the girls in Tenchi's Harem, she's the only one who seemed able to live without him. And she had some spunk Bulma (DBZ) - what she lacked in brawn she made up for in brains. She was gutsy and even if she wasn't going to be of much help she would do whatever she could to help her friends/family survive. That and it takes a strong woman to tame Vegeta. Genkai (Yu Yu Hakusho) - not just one of the greatest psychics of all time (in the YYH universe) but also a strategist who could plan out a fight on the fly. Also a bad ass the way Balalaika is. Kagura (Inuyasha) - unlike Naraku's other minions, she had ambition and drive. She was the wild card of his entourage and for that I think she was probably the only reason I stuck with Inuyasha as long as I did. GENKAII FTW i forgot she qualified as a girl and not just an old hag 
 anime girls need class and who better to bring some class to the party then Victorique de blois  Spoiler 

 Pico from boku no pico. Cutest most adorable anime girl ever. 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 The Babe, LALA DEVILUKE <3333 
 Annie Leonhart from Shingeki no Kyojin A loner with a cold demeanor - Annie Leonhart seemed like the usual suspect of being that badass cool chick who could beat you down effortlessly. That was essentially what gravitated me towards her, But as the series continued, there were instances in her behaviour that appeared be 'out of character', and her subtleties soon became a clue that she was not as one dimensional as first thought. Her conflictions within herself with what looked to be issues she had with morality and duty, demonstrated she was not as apathetic as first shown. She can be brutal to the point of demented cruelty, yet, weirdly enough, apologetic to the dead. She is a mess of contradictions done right, and I guess that wonder to know what motivates Annie and who she is, is why she is currently a favorite character. Just from some of her quotes, you get a sense of who she was. "Point is, I can't even pretend to be stupid enough to play soldier in this insane world." "I just want the weak who do get swept along with the flow, to be considered human, too." Honorable mentions. Princess Azula from Avatar: The Last Airbender  Spoiler Death from Sandman  Spoiler *cough 
 Hideyoshi duh!! (jk, let him be many, it what he wants!) Minori Kushieda! Shes so adorable and entertaing, her personalty won me over like instantly and no other has gotten to me quite as much since :]  Spoiler look at her and her little kawaii detector 
 Only two special ones are in my memory right now: Motoko Kusanagi from GITS  Spoiler and Astharoshe Asran from Trinity Blood  Spoiler They are fiery and in control when the situation demands it and are more than able to extend a warm hand when in need. They have an aura about them that makes them stand out from the rest. Maybe I am getting to touchy here. 
 Last edited by Kuze the Devil; 02-01-2014 at 07:56 AM. 
 Originally Posted by PR0MAN1 Tomoko Kuroki. It's mainly because I can relate to her problems more than any other anime girl. ya what he said. ^^^ 
 I'd have to say my favorite anime girls are Yoko and Revy Yoko- She is a leader- strong, smart and calculating. And of course she has a lovable character Revy- Competitive, forceful and an overall badass. She's a complex character that has overcome so much 
  Spoiler 
 Siesta from Familiar of Zero 
 I am only half way through it but Asuna from Sword art online has quickly topped my list. Smart and strong but she actually has some depth to her. Some other favorites just on looks alone: lala - from to love ru moka - rosario vampire (the sweet one not the kickass fighter moka) kaede and natsuru (lady natsuru of course) - kampfer (it's a tie for me between those two, I guess I'm a sucker for the brown haired ladies in anime for some reason) That's just a few there. I will say moka is a bit more than just a pretty face in the story. And I'll admit the others do actually have a story and some development of their characters. So they aren't just a pretty face I guess. @godusun - good choice too The whole zero series is a fun one to watch. I had to watch Harry Potter after finishing the first series.... 
 Lain from Serial Experiments Lain Madoka from Kimagure Orange Road Kekko Kamen (guilty pleasure) Misato from Eva (another guilty pleasure) Akane Tendo from Ranma 1/2 Ukyo from Ranma 1/2 Lum from Urusei Yatsura (I'm a sucker for DARLING drinking games.) 
 Misaka Mikoto, Ino Yamanaka, Yuno Gasai, Sakura Haruno, Hinata Hyuga, Misaki Mei, Rena Ryuugu, Mion Sonozaki, Shion Sonozaki, Satoko Houjo, Furude Rika, Mikasa Ackerman, Annie Leonhardt,Sasha Braus, Ymir, Krista Lenz, Hanji Zoe, Enma Ai, etc. Etc. There is more but cant list it because it is countless lmao. 
 I have quite a few ^~^ but the top five would be: Kagura (Gintama), Yui (Angel Beats), Haibara Ai (Detective Conan), Mai Taniyama (Ghost Hunt) and Annie Leonhardt (Shingeki no Kyojin) 
