http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159794-Chris-Kyle-American-Sniper
 Chris Kyle-American Sniper
 Originally Posted by Grey The idea that violent media makes people violent is ridiculous but no one is arguing that this movie is making non-violent people violent. Media does influence how people think, a prime example being Faux News which just the other week sent spewing garbage about non-existent "no go zones" in Europe. It was such a bald-faced lie that David Cameron called Fox New's supposed expert a "complete idiot" on twitter. Fox News admitted to completely fabricating "no go zones" but I still have friends and family on Facebook who swear that "no go zones" or the like are real and even in the US. That is the power of media combined with ignorant and stupid people. From what I've read the Chris Kyle in the movie is a far cry from the Chris Kyle of reality who showed no remorse for the hundreds of people he killed and even claimed he killed Americans in the US for looting and carjacking. One claim was never substantiated while the other has been proven completely false. Now, because of this movie there are people worshiping this self-confessed murderer of fellow Americans and see any criticism of that to be "unpatriotic" which is absurd. Only a fool refuses to question or criticize. "The biggest antiwar statement any film" can make is to show "the fact of what [war] does to the family and the people who have to go back into civilian life like Chris Kyle did,"-Clint Eastwood Clearly, the critics of American Sniper and the critics of those critics should probably pay attention. Now, there is no justifying Chris Kyle's hero treatment from the film and the film makers. But something is clearly getting lost between the screen and the viewer. Probably because the viewers prefer the tall tales of Kyle's autobiography, which speaks to a very particular fascist demographic. The people who will cheer him on when he talks about punching an Jesse Ventura in the face for criticizing the War in Iraq, because how dare somebody question our military engagements. Of course, the Jesse Ventura story was completely fabricated and Kyle got his ass rightfully sued for it. But this is a story that speaks to a certain mindset, and encourages it. But that's Kyle's story, not Eastwood's. The saddest part is the complete hypocrisy of these same people. Elysium was called a socialist propaganda film with an agenda for illegal immigration and a New World order. Conservatives can't even say the word Hollywood without some connotation of leftist extreme agenda's when the entire movie industry is run by massive conservative corporations and lobbying firms. Elysium represented the ideas and beliefs of one man, who had a story to tell. Admittedly, it's not a unique story, but it was one well told. Neil Blomkemp loves the idea that SciFi is a means to explore real world problems in a way that is entertaining, rather than just temporary wish fulfilment fantasies for the viewer. Why did Hollywood let such a liberal movie get made? Because dude's first film made over 200 million on a 30 million dollar budget. After that, you kinda let a guy make whatever damn propaganda he wants because he is going to make you truckloads of cash. "Liberal Hollywood" is an easy and convenient scapegoat for conservatives. It's easy to find ways to argue that any film that shows a rich man in a negative light, or mentions in a very basic fashion some environmentalist cause, that a movie has an "Agenda." A movie like "Brokeback Mountain" comes out and all of a sudden it's a gay agenda machine, when it's hard to get any movie that deals with such subject matter greenlight, and if it does, the MPAA will tear it apart to make sure it doesn't get seen. And with a few very vocal limo-leftist actors out there, it's easy to sell this myth of liberal Hollywood. And I suppose there may be more liberal actors than conservative, but as far as the people who make the deals, it's an extremely conservative bunch. Originally Posted by Grey • There was an explosion of "Fight Clubs" mimicking those in the movie after it was released • Jaws caused massive drops in tourism at coastal resorts around the US as people were terrified of swimming • V for Vendetta inspired Anonymous in more ways than just making a Guy Fawkes mask logo • Hunting decreased for several years after the movie Bambi • Oliver Stone's JFK directly caused the JFK Records Collection of 1992 • After the movie Blood Diamond was released, the % of conflict diamonds on the market supposedly dropped drastically • The US Holocaust Museum saw a large rise in attendance after Schindler's List was released • Syriana inspired a large letter writing campaign to the US congress on foreign oil dependance • Birth of a Nation saw a resurgence in Ku Klux Klan membership several months after it was released • Philadelphia raised awareness for AIDS/HIV victims and started open discussions on the subject of homosexuality • 2001 A Space Odyssey inspired many aspiring students to join NASA Let's not forget that "The Day After" was screened for Ronald Reagan, and it arguably inspired the signing of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. That's a pretty big one. 

