http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?116541-A4-User-Survey/page3
 A4 User Survey - Page 3
 So we here at A4 Staff don't think we get enough feedback from you guys, the users, so starting now and hopefully happening more frequently in the future, I'd like to conduct a survey with you guys to get an idea about how you feel about how things are going on A4 and get any comments or feedback you've got on things we can do to make your experience here even better. Please answer as many of the questions below that you are able with as much or as little elaboration as you'd like. The easiest way to respond is just copy/paste the whole set of them and then answer inline, bolding/coloring your selection for the multiple-choice questions. Thanks! 1. On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your anime-forums.com experience thus far? Please state any additional explanation if you'd like. 2. Are there any particular improvements or suggestions that you'd like to see made to the forums to improve your experience? If so, what are they? 3. How do you feel about the current organization of the forum (That is, how it's structured, where things are placed, etc.)? Are there any things you'd like to see changed? Any things that are particularly difficult to find or unintuitive? 4. How do you feel about the current activity level of the forum? A) It's great! B) It's okay, could be better. C) It's pretty awful. 5. How do you feel about the overall post quality of the forum? A) It's great! B) It's okay, could be better. C) It's pretty awful. 6. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: The rules on A4 are... A) Too strict. B) Too loose. C) Just right. 7. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: The A4 staff values my thoughts and opinions and is willing to listen to me. A) Strongly agree. B) Agree. C) Neither agree nor disagree. D) Disagree. E) Strongly disagree. 8. How do you feel about the current A4 Staff? Do you think there are any improvements that could be made? 9. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: A4 is a site I'd recommend to my friends. A) Strongly agree. B) Agree. C) Neither agree nor disagree. D) Disagree. E) Strongly disagree. 10. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: A4 is a site I foresee myself coming back to for quite a while. A) Strongly agree. B) Agree. C) Neither agree nor disagree. D) Disagree. E) Strongly disagree. 11. How many times per week do you visit A4? A) Once or twice. B) 3-5 times. C) At least once a day. D) Multiple times per day. 12. Any other comments, feedback, or suggestions you have for us? 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
