http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154785-ImoCho-(Saikin-Imouto-no-Yousu-ga-Chotto-Okashiinda-ga-)
[Romance] ImoCho (Saikin, Imouto no Yousu ga Chotto Okashiinda ga.)
 aka "Recently, my little sister is unusual." In this romance comedy, a girl named Mitsuki Kanzaki lives with her step-brother Yuuya after her mother remarries. One day, Mitsuki is possessed by the self-proclaimed spirit of a young girl, Hiyori Kotobuki. Hiyori (in Mitsuki's body) must fall in love with Yuuya to move toward the "Gates of Heaven". 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Censored Girl Chasity belt the anime haha 

 Yeah, this was quite a bit lewder than I had expected, lol! I'll probably keep on watching it though... I'm not against lewdness. I think my friend was hoping I was watching it in a public place the first time, so she could laugh at me. xP 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Hmm. I don't know if I should keep up with the series or wait for the uncensored version to come out ~_~ 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
 I hope anyone watching this is still only 12. An anime like this is going to be straight pedophilia and incest (..with nudity???). 
All credit to Nanami-chan for creating the sig 
 Wow...this show seriously is close to softcore haha. They both see each other naked, she pee's herself (which now they did the peeing situation twice) and he see's it. I just dont know with this anime anymore, its funny and I like the premise, but Jeeze the censorship lol 

 Originally Posted by ナツキ I hope anyone watching this is still only 12. An anime like this is going to be straight pedophilia and incest (..with nudity???). Unfortunately this anime is better than many of the titles that came out this year (sad but true) 
 I like it. But  Spoiler Yuki-nee and Neko definitely know something is up. If Hiyori did have some kind of Past with Yuki then Maybe she can definitely see her. And Neko does a lot of occult things but we shall see :3 

 Oh yeah Yuki and Neko know something is up. 

 what is this...............chastity belt from heaven? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Welp one more episode. What do Yuki and Neko senpai know? We will find out...hopefully 

 How anti-climatic. Oh well I guess we wait for season 2 

