http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Mana felt tired after what seemed like a long day kicking in doors and sweeping possible bolt holes for the so called Silent Knight after a heist. As so far, nothing had come of it. Now here she was skulking through a set of warehouses following up on what would be the last hide out she had information on. At this point her search had become quite unlucky to leave this place till last, or her information was incomplete. It was almost unheard of for the organisations intel to be straight up wrong or incomplete, as they had a large network of spies and informants working for them in the shadows. Scowling at the squat unsuspecting warehouse, Mana paused. Until now all the places she had searched had been apartments, or houses. each had differing security measures; some had just simple locks, others had more advanced electronic security. Mana had little experience with warehouses, but since they were build to store large quantities of goods, she doubted their minimum security would be a simple lock on the front. This limited her entry options quite significantly. Approaching the front Mana examined the door. At first glance Mana knew she couldn't kick this door straight in like she had other doors that were far less securely attached. Next Mana took note of the electronic lock, which meant she couldn't pick the lock as she only had knowledge of mechanical locks. Slowly walking along each side Mana took note of the windows, all either barred or boarded up. It was all quite troubling why would someone who had just come into such a large quantity of money come back to a place like this. If they were good enough to break into Varrion and escape, Mana would have assumed they'd have a nicer place to return. Unless that is all their other options had been compromised in some way. Sighing Mana looked up. The roof from what she could see seemed like she would expect. dilapidated, like the rest of the building. But perhaps there was a method of entrance up there, unseen to the casual observer. Mana would have to investigate herself to find out. The climb itself, would have been troublesome to the average person, but to Mana it was a simple matter, and she was up there in moments. The roof itself appeared to be made from metal, perhaps steel, that echoed under her footsteps as she advanced across the roof, her eyes sweeping the surface for a loose panel or other forms of entrance. 
