http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159916-Badass-OP-protag-anime-recommendations
[Anime] Badass OP protag anime recommendations
 So since everyone's version of "badass" is subjective, I'm thinking along the lines of Tatsuya Shiba from Mahouka Rettousei, the medicine seller from Mononoke or for some subtler ones would be Kazuki Fuze from "Jin Roh". I'm not looking for any particular genre or gender but I'm definitely hoping for action of some sort. I'm not into the HXH, DBZ generic shounen that take a beating every time in order to "unleash" whatever. What I'm looking for ordinary characters, male or female that go straight up into god-mode when fighting/dealing with situations/whatever. 
What can we say now? Our mouths only lying, we rise from the dying.
 Of the few you mentioned I'm only familiar with Jin-Roh. You might want to try "Sword of the Stranger" if you haven't already. 

 Akagi - Anime about Mahjong. MC is a prodigy at it. Calm and serious type. Aldnoah. Zero - Sci-fi mecha anime. MC defeats superior mechas using his knowledge on physics. Aloof and serious type. Beelzebub - Badass delinquent contracted to a baby demon in a school setting. The MC tends to be a bit serious, but since the anime is mostly comedy, you can guess how it goes. Some minor and quick trainings involved. Black Cat - Ex-assassin who was cold and merciless tries to turn over a new leaf after a tragic night. Chrome Shelled Regios - Ex-elite soldier who moves away to start a new life in a post-apocalyptic-ish setting. MC is Fist of the North Star (including its spin-offs) - Serious MC in a post apocalyptic world. Some training involved, but MC is still OP'd. Hagure Estetica no Yuusha - Badass clownish MC in a harem anime taking place in a school. Hellsing and Hellsing Ultimate - OP'd vampire fighting Nazis. Heroic Age - Sci-fi anime in Space! Somewhat innocent and easygoing MC that transforms into an extremely powerful being during fights. has some nice romance to boot! Isekai no Seikishi Monogatari - Easy going and air head MC in a fantasy mecha anime who gets all the girls and does everything extremely well for some reason. Kaze no Stigma - Serious-ish MC slaying evil spirits. Log Horizon - Genius strategist and tactician in a virtual turn real world. Maoyuu Maou Yuusha - OP'd Hero (that is the MC's name!) in a fantasy setting working with his wife-to-be, the demon lord, who is very knowledgeable, to find a way for humans and demons to coexist. Mondaiji-tachi ga Isekai kara Kuru Sou Desu yo? MC is an easy going and relaxed guy with OP'd psychic powers summoned to a fantasy world. Needless - Badass MC in a post apocalyptic world. One Outs - It is baseball. MC is a pitcher and a genius strategist. Rurouni Kenshin - Ex-assassin trying to redeem himself. Usually a crouching moron hidden badass. Samurai Deeper Kyo - hard to describe. it has been too long. Slightly historical. Some minor training at the end. Shura no Toki - Three generations of powerful unarmed martial artists wandering the land in a historical setting. Sidonia no Kishi - Prodigious mecha pilot on a seed ship in a sci-fi setting. Sword Art Online - MC who is very good at MMORPGs trapped in a deadly virtual world (for the first season) Tears to Tiara - hard to describe. it has been too long. The Devil Is a Part-Timer! - The demon lord escapes to the human world and gets stuck there, but learns to like it. The Legend of Legendary Heroes - MC has an OP'd ability in a magical fantasy world. Trigun - Another crouching moron hidden badass. Takes place on another planet with lots of deserts. Trinity Blood - Yet another crouching moron hidden badass in a post apocalyptic world. Deals with vampires and the Vatican. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Berserk. Guts is the badass in a room full of badasses. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Xin from Kingdom(this anime has byfar the best weapon based fight scenes in anime history, It's beyond epic) Kazime from Kaze no Stigma Inuyasha from Inuyasha+Inuyasha the Final Act Titou from Hero Tales Leafan from Chrome Shelled Regios Yang Gua(Yang'gor) from The Legend of Condor Hero(It's not a action anime, but when there is a fight, he owns all with ease, and does so with style at that. while few, the fights there are, are so epic) 
 [IMG][/IMG] It probally wouldn't be a good idea to get on Qiang Lei's bad side.
 Most are in natsuki chan's list up there..... 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 The Unlimited Hyoubu Kyousuke Nanatsu no Taizai Hidan no Aria Maybe I will add more as I remember them. I like animes with these types of main characters too. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Demon eyes kyo from samurai deeper kyo Sabastian from black butler 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Alucard from Hellsing. They don't come more badass then him. Plus he puts the "bad" in badass Kenshin from Samurai X - Trust and Betrayal. Incredibly skilled Samurai warrior from a film that's very similar to Jin-Roh but with a historical setting. Motoko Kusananagi from Ghost in the Shell. Still the biggest female badass I;ve seen and the original movie's from the same director as Jin-Roh. Shinya Kogami from Psycho Pass. Brilliant detective and accomplishe martial artist. Psycho Pass has few action scenes but when it does it's quite something. Plus you liked Mononoke so clearly you don't mind shows that have slower pacing. All of these are seinen btw so they should fill your requirements Edit: by Hellsing I was refering to the Helssing manga. The correct adaptation of that is Hellsing Ultimate. Not the anime series with the same name that I don't recommend. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Golgo 13. /thread. Seriously though, he's an emotionless, unstoppable killer that you end up rooting for only because he's typically pitched against people even worse than he is. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 Originally Posted by Gaff Golgo 13. /thread. Seriously though, he's an emotionless, unstoppable killer that you end up rooting for only because he's typically pitched against people even worse than he is. I've been very interestd in this series. My problem however is (you can probably already feel it coming) It's 175 volumes! And while I am a bit crazy (completely bonkers actually) and unhealthilly opsessed with anime and manga at the moment, starting a 175 volume manga is a bit to steep a hill to climb for me. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Lucy from elfen lied 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Shizuo Heiwajima from Durarara!! 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by Kerberos I've been very interestd in this series. My problem however is (you can probably already feel it coming) It's 175 volumes! And while I am a bit crazy (completely bonkers actually) and unhealthilly opsessed with anime and manga at the moment, starting a 175 volume manga is a bit to steep a hill to climb for me. The manga is really just made up of self-contained stories without much overall continuity, so if it takes your fancy, you could start at any volume without worry. Viz took quite an interesting approach with their English-language release, as they basically cherry picked around 30 'greatest hits' from across the series run and released them as two-story books. Personally, I'd suggest starting with the '83 anime film instead though, it works perfectly well as a stand-alone title. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
 This list is amazing. You guys are the best! 
What can we say now? Our mouths only lying, we rise from the dying.
 Code breaker Code geas Blue gender Buso renkin 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
