http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151938-What-is-the-big-deal-with-Sword-Art-Online!-I-don-t-thing-it-that-good-of-amine!
[Anime] What is the big deal with Sword Art Online!? I don't thing it that good of amine!
 It ok amine but not great as people are making out to being I made a video a few week ago about the amine and got blamed about it, it not that great. What are people over rating this amine!? The plot is SO chease it not even funny! A 5 year old could think of a video game taking over people in a game! I would not be using that but the storyline is so bad that do too many time skip! And I like love story in amine but come on over love story much? Kidto I think how u spell it? Like the 1st 5 episodes this were different woman he was with. come now! 
WWE,NFL and Anime Cartoon Fans Only! http://www.youtube.com/user/Gohan6425 
 I think people like it so much because they do such a great job characterizing Kirito and Asuna. Sure, it's predictable, but still pretty good show. And I couldn't quite understand your last few sentences about the woman he was with? 
 SAO is a pretty bad POS, It's a case of the writer not giving a ****. He/She should never be allowed to write anything the rest of their lives, It's that bad. Just about no char/relationship development, huge time skips, the best thing about the anime is the boss battles, yet there's only a couple of those, ect, It's way beyond unforgiveable. Imagine seeing the first 5m of a movie, and then fast forwarding to watch the last 10m of the movie, that's SAO in a nutshell. The writer basically thought of a really good concept, then just jotted some random BS down as fast as possible, just so they have something they can publish(sigh people like that shouldn't become a writer, if you can even call he/she such). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 10-20-2013 at 12:34 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Lelouch vi Britannia I deagree. the plot are crap, and too many time skip. also he get like 4 different woman to fall for him. Asuna is the one he end up with which is predictable. let me show u my video I made a few week and yes this is really me in the video. *removed* Watched the video, you made some good points, but didn't really backup with evidence. You kept saying how much of a rip-off SAO, which all I can think of is .hack, but it's still different in many ways. There are many rip-offs in anime too. Such as yuyu and dbz, but both are great shows. And i'm surprised you've never heard of hunter x hunter? 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 10-23-2013 at 04:22 AM. 
 Originally Posted by smashhead Watched the video, you made some good points, but didn't really backup with evidence. You kept saying how much of a rip-off SAO, which all I can think of is .hack, but it's still different in many ways. There are many rip-offs in anime too. Such as yuyu and dbz, but both are great shows. And i'm surprised you've never heard of hunter x hunter? Yea, he doesn't really back up his argument well, besides one shouldn't be hating on something just because It's not an original idea(It's the execution that matters), so that's not really the argument he should be making, if he wan'ts to state how it Isn't a quality anime. Many anime borrow, if not steal some things from other anime, yet they are still good, some cases even great(although pretty much never better then the anime that its copying), such as Hero Tales, Soul Eater(which is even mentioned in the video, for those that don't know, Soul Eater is a blatant/shameless ripoff of Elemental Gelade), ect(they are definitely not original, but they're great/good none the less). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 10-20-2013 at 01:25 PM. 
 Well now, I don't seem to be alone in my "good concept, bad execution" opinion of this one! I watched this anime (because a friend wouldn't stop bugging me to give it a look >_<) up until the half way point and stopped a little after the second arc (after the big plot "twist"). A certain heavily implied forbidden romance especially pushed me away from it. I enjoyed the character designs (especially Yui, Silica and her pet dragon, and Sachi), the artwork, the concept of living in a game, and the concept of living AI. Apart from those mentioned likes, I was mostly disappointed in the rest of it. I heard the author was going through severe stress at the time of making. I'm not sure if that rumor is true or not though. If so, it could certainly explain the strange skips and overall emptiness that seemed to become more profuse as the series continued on. 
 Originally Posted by smashhead Watched the video, you made some good points, but didn't really backup with evidence. You kept saying how much of a rip-off SAO, which all I can think of is .hack, but it's still different in many ways. There are many rip-offs in anime too. Such as yuyu and dbz, but both are great shows. And i'm surprised you've never heard of hunter x hunter? the evidence? it copy any show that has a video game take over. anybody can thing off that. there the plots crap. too much loving in the amine and not enough fight scenes! and yyh is boring. dbz was around before yyh! 
WWE,NFL and Anime Cartoon Fans Only! http://www.youtube.com/user/Gohan6425 
 The reason a lot of people like Sword Art Online is that it knows its audience and hits them hard. I'm a gamer, and I love the core idea behind SAO, so it only stands to reason that other gamers would like it too. Now, you keep saying that Sword Art Online copies animes with video games, but don't list specific examples. I can say that Code Geass copies Death Note, but that isn't necessarily true. The points you make about Kirito's chick-magnet capabilities are spot on though. The relationships between Kirito and all these different women are not very well thought out, and the author just puts Kirito and a girl through hard times and expects us to believe that that always leads to love. You do have to put into account that the author was only 28 when he wrote this series (born in 1974), and isn't as experienced with love as an older man would be. Lastly, one of the great qualities of SAO is the splendid animation. Not many animes have fluid animation throughout, but SAO did. Would you rather watch a badly animated filler episode of Naruto or an action-packed well animated episode of SAO? Answering that question will probably answer your own. 

 Originally Posted by Light Yagami The reason a lot of people like Sword Art Online is that it knows its audience and hits them hard. I'm a gamer, and I love the core idea behind SAO, so it only stands to reason that other gamers would like it too. Now, you keep saying that Sword Art Online copies animes with video games, but don't list specific examples. I can say that Code Geass copies Death Note, but that isn't necessarily true. The points you make about Kirito's chick-magnet capabilities are spot on though. The relationships between Kirito and all these different women are not very well thought out, and the author just puts Kirito and a girl through hard times and expects us to believe that that always leads to love. You do have to put into account that the author was only 28 when he wrote this series (born in 1974), and isn't as experienced with love as an older man would be. Lastly, one of the great qualities of SAO is the splendid animation. Not many animes have fluid animation throughout, but SAO did. Would you rather watch a badly animated filler episode of Naruto or an action-packed well animated episode of SAO? Answering that question will probably answer your own. Code Geass did not rip off Death Note LOL! Death Note not even close to Code Geass also Death Note I though was a crapies amine. As for the plot are not though out at all. now enough fight sence. And I think Code Geass was made before death note anyway. 
WWE,NFL and Anime Cartoon Fans Only! http://www.youtube.com/user/Gohan6425 
 SAO isnt just constricted to a romance anime that was wrapped around being a different woman. It had many other genres accompanying it especially fantasy. SAO had beautiful art. The genre that was chosen is well hyped among anime-lovers/gamers. The plot was well written with descriptive character sheets. Truthfully i enjoyed all the episodes until Alfheim Online 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 Almost every aspect in the world can be a hit or miss for each individual. For you and I, SAO was a miss. There are attributes in the anime series which appeal to people and some which make people hate it. The characters were pretty sh it, Kirito was unreasonably overpowered - making the character development pretty weak. And the introduction of the female character; Asuna, was characterised as a fabulous, beautiful and talented female gamer. Who ended up being a stereotypical girl; weak, dependent and great at cooking (reference to Level 99 Cooking) There were many areas where SAO could've expanded and improved such as; the villians (who finds King Oberon scary, just saying?), trying to not rip off another anime (I forgot the name) with the scene where Kirito was reaching towards King Oberon's....fortress thingy...yeah and the potential in the story had lost itself after the 5th or so episode. Do not degrade people for their opinion and do not force your opinion on them too. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 10-23-2013 at 04:20 AM. 
 
 lol arent all romance animes predictable ......its jst tht this anime had a diff storyline u knw ...nt the cliche skool love triangle crap SAO was a gud try and so was btooom bt log horizon .....i mean seriously thts jst too mch ,another anime where pple are trapped in a game i dnt think i can handle tht . it was a one time thing 3 tyms is pure exaggeration 
 Originally Posted by YourAverageTurtle SAO isnt just constricted to a romance anime that was wrapped around being a different woman. It had many other genres accompanying it especially fantasy. SAO had beautiful art. The genre that was chosen is well hyped among anime-lovers/gamers. The plot was well written with descriptive character sheets. Truthfully i enjoyed all the episodes until Alfheim Online Plot was well written? WTF were you watching, because it sure as hell wasn't SAO? To Light Yagami: Wrong, almost every anime made after the 2000, has great animation(I'm sick of people putting POS SAO on a pedestal just because it has good animation, for one, good animation is nothing new, and 2, such doesn't make a anime good, It's actually one of the last/least attributing factors when figuring out the quality of a anime). Also It's a sad day when good art, animation, and "initial" concept makes a anime good, when It's by far the worst abomination ever created in the history of the written word. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 10-20-2013 at 10:28 PM. 
 i think people like it because most cant tell the difference between a good story and a bad story with some cool scenes along the way every now and again imo sao had so much potential and they ruined it massively by rushing it and the romace bs...if they would have went slow every level is an arc with a key boss and power ups and move upgrades and magic upgrades etc all leading up to the final moment with the best team of players ready to face the boss it would have been literally the best anime ever imo but they did not like most rpg games there is many characters and you level them up they learn magic and have crazy equipment upgrades and weapons and magic and hidden weapons and magic and armor and by the end there is 3 characters that stand above the rest... should have done it like that 
 The first half was great. The second half was as awful as this thread, but it was so far removed from the first, it didn't affect my opinion of it. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 10-23-2013 at 04:18 AM. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 so SAO is a piece of **** that should've never been made? Yeah, I guess it's okay. It's just over hyped that's all. Well, you should expect bad comments when you make a video and say things that you don't like about it. and maybe the plot wasn't meant to be happy? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Personally, I am happy to see a show get this successful. I watched the show when it was being released and am now watching it in English on Toonami. SAO wasn't my favorite show but I didn't find it as bad as people are saying. yes I realize that it was predictable seeing Asuna being with Kirito, but I don't really think that its the story that got everyone so hyped. When a lot of people look at this, I believe people are more interested in the technology. and before anyone says something about .Hack//, No one is looking at older shows like that if they aren't currently buying/searching for shows. I remember watching .Hack// and all I could think about was the technology. I would dream about what games I would like to see it with and so on. getting back to the point, I believe that people are more interested in how technology could actually get here and this could actually be a "problem" so it excites people. Technology is forever changing and we seem to be getting closer and closer to this type of tech. 
 I don't agree. The plot had various nuances (that you obviously overlooked). One of the most glaring faults you've listed is that "the game takes people over". It was explained in episode 1 what actually happened, and it sure isn't what you claim it is. So maybe try watching the show as opposed to putting it on in the background or something, I don't know. You're complaining also, about how Kirito, in the span of two years, gets four girls to fall in love with him? A great deal of anime is like this. Even your precious Code Geass involves what is effectively a love square between Lelouche and three females. So... yeah. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 10-23-2013 at 04:18 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki OT: I don't agree. The plot had various nuances (that you obviously overlooked). One of the most glaring faults you've listed is that "the game takes people over". It was explained in episode 1 what actually happened, and it sure isn't what you claim it is. So maybe try watching the show as opposed to putting it on in the background or something, I don't know. You're complaining also, about how Kirito, in the span of two years, gets four girls to fall in love with him? A great deal of anime is like this. Even your precious Code Geass involves what is effectively a love square between Lelouche and three females. So... yeah. that a BIG DIFFERENT! Kirito love came out off no way ever episode back to back! were Lelouch well slow dovaed as the seris when on. and that did not have so many scene love scene in the seris that had more battle in the seris! Were SOA did not. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 10-23-2013 at 04:24 AM. 
WWE,NFL and Anime Cartoon Fans Only! http://www.youtube.com/user/Gohan6425 
 Originally Posted by Firefromthevoid Best I could do And I have some friends that absolutly loved it, and some that hated it, it never really interested me at all though. Think it's just a case of being over hyped by the fans and failing to meet those expectations of everybody else. to be honest it had some good moments but that is about it and a few good moments does not an epic anime make or something like that... as i said earlier it should have gone about 10 years long and cut the romance and in those ten years they should have had to clear every level and the boss of every level should have been like the arc enemy ( for example hordy jones in the fishman arc) and every arc they should have their team get stronger through training and hardshipe learning more indepth skills and magic and they should have had many weapon upgrades through materials found and droped in the level and from the bosses themselves and then when they hit the top level they should all get their legeandary armor and weapons with only 3 or 4 real warriors left ( and the towns people of course cant have everyone die) and they should have fought the final boss unlocking a powerful secret and a way to end the game... bam epic series remembered forever 
 I think it probably has to do with the fact that it was dubbed in English and aired on Adult Swim 
weee
 Second half is terrible; First half is okay. 
What will it take to enlighten you? I've gone passed the edge and I'm already broken; How do I climb back to the brink and put myself back together again?
 When I watched the anime the story was nice,cute, the animation was very detailed the fight scenes the virtual world detail was excellent and i'm not meaning the characters or monsters, I mean the environment Grass,Flowers,Trees,Buildings,Towns all that kind of stuff. everyone in SAO was fairly detailed. My personal favorite part was when Kirito and Asuna get their own shack and they're walking threw the forest as a happy couple there was a lot of detail in that scene was nice for them to experience a little bit of happiness for a while. Kirito wanting to save Asuna from the game and meeting up with her in the real world was very passionate and I liked that. 

 SAO: here is my take as I watched it as it came out. "Wow great concept. Its not the most amazing anime, but since the concept is great I'll watch it." Basically its just on average level of anime for me. Nothing out standing, alot of cliches (pretty normal there) and obviously the concept was above par since there wasn't much to watch with the concept of being trapped in a video game. I expected it to be a hit when I first watched it, right from episode 1. There really isn't any reason for me to hate or love it, since it is simply an on par shounen with a winning concept. Its like a mini Naruto in levels of popularity. I would rather watch a Slice of Life/Comedy/Romance (these are genres I prefer) than watch SAO again. Also there was a manga for this, but if I remember the anime is pretty disjointed from the manga on quite catastrophic levels. Also I was unable to read it because the art style felt quite odd compared to the art style in the anime. Also the action was oddly arranged in my opinion. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 10-23-2013 at 04:16 AM. 

 It's just like SNK lots of hype although SNK was up to the standard. SAO failed to live up to the hype sadly. So basically an over hyped anime. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
