http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140974-Strike-the-Blood
[Fantasy] Strike the Blood
 The school action fantasy story of Strike the Blood revolves around Kojō Akatsuki, a boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire (once thought to only exist in legend and lore), and Yukina Hirameki, a girl entrusted with watching over the vampire and if needed, hunting him down. Facebook Fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/StrikeTheBlood.TV 
 Last edited by Ned; 08-17-2013 at 10:00 AM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 is this anime good? need new series to watch badly..... 
Get Anime Wallpaper! Looking for web site builder?
 Does this anime already aired? or is airing? im so confused because i havent seen it anywhere. 
 
 Not yet, but it's coming for 2013! Here is the Facebook fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/StrikeTheBlood.TV 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Ah okey , because i was really worried that i couldnt find it. Thanks. 
 
 Ned, I'm actually going to kill you. 
 The description reminds me of Noblesse 
 Hmmm... that doesn't look like a guy... But anyways... I like vampire anime so... I might watch this, WHEN its completely finished. So yeah... not for the next few months at least. Until then, I have Vampire Knight and Guilty to watch :3 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 This should be airing in this coming fall season, so look forward to it soon guys! I don't have any exact dates, but we're less than a couple months away from the regular fall season startup. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 another vampire anime? great, I'd be looking forward to this. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Saw this animu on the fall 2013 list. Seems pretty awesome. Synopsis is interesting and its ecchi so..uh... yay fan service ^3^ 
 Yay, it's finally here! Not subbed yet though, so weaboos like me can't watch it yet... but soon! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I can! I'm totally hooked on this anime, not because of the .....panties. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 You saw them? :o 
 Last edited by Ned; 10-06-2013 at 06:48 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Was so average I don't even know what to say. 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 Oh. My. Bloody. God. The action in the first episode left my mind blown. 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ Oh. My. Bloody. God. The action in the first episode left my mind blown. Where can I watch it, I wanna see it really bad!! Looks amazing <3 

 I saw the Panties...interesting color choice Yukina All in all the show has potential, I'm looking forward to more 

 Episode 2 was kind of slow. They keep leaving the fights scenes in the end. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Episode 2 Yukina so cool! <3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 So far I am captivated by this Anime really can't wait to see what happens next. 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews 
 Second episode was great. Can't wait to see what happens when his powers go totally out of control. 
 Damn what an ending, way to leave us hanging though. The background music is excellent. Cant wait for the soundtrack to be released. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Damn what an ending, way to leave us hanging though. The background music is excellent. Cant wait for the soundtrack to be released. talk about episode 3 ending. Totally unexpected. Well, he's an immortal vampire so ....everything is gonna be daijoubu 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Alter DRexz talk about episode 3 ending. Totally unexpected. Well, he's an immortal vampire so ....everything is gonna be daijoubu I dunno, they might pull a Sunday without God and do to him what they did to Hampanine,  Spoiler and just kill him and the rest of the show be about the girl. I think its a possibility because the show is obviously in Arcs, unless all the titles are "right Arm whatever" But damn my man  Spoiler got his DOME taken off. 

