http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152509-Where-do-you-watch-you-anime-from
[Anime] Where do you watch you anime from?
 I primarily stream my anime from Netflix and some random anime streaming sites. I starting to get into Crunchy Roll. I use to watch anime from cable TV, but the selection of anime was very limited. I don't even have cable TV anymore. &nbsp;So instead, I'm using pay-once-per-month services to stream anime online. I don't have enough space on my hard-drive for torrenting anime and plus it takes too long to torrent. So I'm going to primarily rely on streaming anime from now-on, whether or not the anime streaming service is free.&nbsp; 
 Netflix, Crunchyroll (main), Hulu Sent from my HTC One using Tapatalk 
 I torent mine 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 *removed* is what I primarily use and everything else is just random so I just search up the anime title and the episode I want and find the best stream. Animefreak doesn't have everything of course, but it has a lot and I've been using it for years and it stays up to date with manga and anime. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 11-12-2013 at 09:07 AM. 
 I torrent ongoing shows and use the same as karnage for everything else, if they don't have it I just google the show 
Trying my best to get to know people
 I'm suprised no one uses *removed* it's a good website to watch. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 No links to copyrighted digital material such as full anime episodes, manga scans, Mp3's, HK Bootlegs, or programs that help encode or distribute these materials, or means to hack into software and/or hardware. No assisting on the forums with information to such links. http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...s-and-Bannings Here's a list of legal streaming options: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...aming-Websites 

 I like to torrent mine to watch and then convert into mp4 so that I can put on my iPod and watch on the go but since being at college I haven't been able to torrent so I either use hulu or just randomly search since you're bound to get a lot of hits. 
 I mainly watch mine on Chrunchyroll 

 I watch my anime on Crunchyroll, Youtube, and Funimation On Demand. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 I normally use Funimation and then branch out but easy to use funimation initially and if i like it I will find somewhere else depending on quality and such. 
 Generally i torrent mine but when the internet is slow or im in more of a rush i just stream it. 
 "Death is not kind. It's dark, black as far as you can see, and you're all alone."-Mei Misaki Anime that make you feel less sane. -Club 
 I've only used YouTube to watch OHSHC dubbed and it works well with phones and mobile devices. Otherwise I use Netflix and mostly Cruchyroll. I had an Anime Network On Demand on my old cable which is what I would use a lot but I got new cable with no Anime Network Which sucks. I guess I also watch Toonami from time to time also. 

 I torrent all of mine. I haven't streamed anything in years. Once I started watching stuff in 720p/1080p I couldn't go back to streams. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 I tend to use my Roku and watch Crunchyroll for current shows, or shows that aren't out in dub yet, Netflix if I want to watch stuff like Girls Bravo and stuff that's on instant, otherwise I just go onto google or anime44. I also occasionally buy shows, but I only own kanon (2006) Girls Bravo, and Waiting In The Summer. (not counting my Miyazaki films) 
I hate this town. It's too filled with memories I'd rather forget. I go to school everyday, hang out with my friends, and then I go home. There's no place I'd rather not go ever again. I wonder if anything will ever change. Will that day ever come? -Tomoya Okazaki
 For me, VIZ anime, Crunchyroll, and Youtube are the way to go. They're all legal sources of anime. Also, if you make an account on VIZ anime, it's free and you can watch some very good animation (in HD) quickly (only advertisements).And no, VIZ anime did not ask me to advertise here. 

 i usually watch anime on streaming sites and I also download them sometimes i buy the dvds to but thats vary rare that I do that. 

 Kissanime.com It's great. He has plenty of anime and it was the only site I found that had One Piece in HD. Only some of the first seasons weren't in HD. 

