http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159939-Introduction-ramblings-about-anime-and-a-request-for-more
 Introduction, ramblings about anime, and a request for more
 Hello anime forums I used to be a pretty big anime fan back when I was in school, but since graduating haven't watched nearly as much. Then a couple years ago I ended up with a roommate for a while who had a HUGE collection of anime and it got me back into watching it. The only problem was that I couldn't trust his taste in shows very much(or his ability to pay rent, thus he's no longer my roommate). So as a way of introduction I am going to ramble on for a while about my likes/dislikes from various anime I've seen, and anyone who makes it through that can feel free to suggest stuff you think I might like. Favorites from back in the day: Cowboy bebop- Unique setting, great characters, and the MUSIC! Mainly individual episodes but it does have an over arching story and an actual ending, may be my favorite anime of all time. Berserk- Guts is an ass kicker, 'nuff said. Samurai Champloo- Journey before destination NGE- First anime I ever watched and will always have sentimental value to me. Also I wanna rant about the movies.  Spoiler Judging from the pacing of the first movie I thought it was going to be 3 movies to re-tell the series, and a last movie to do the ending. Then the second came out and we got a Shinji who was a touch more assertive and less whiny than the show, and I thought the character relationships worked really well. My biggest complaint was that it felt rushed, but I told myself this was just the fanboy in me wanting to see the kids have more happy time before **** hit the fan. I was really looking forward to the 3rd one, and got my roommate to watch the first 2 saying "yeah it's big robot monster battles, but it's actually a very character driven story." Then we got the 3rd one......WTF. Everything gets thrown out the window, Shinji is back to whining the whole time, only this time we can empathize a little because what the hell is happening? Rei is a doll, Asuka is a super *****, the new one whose name I can't remember has no point, and every characters actions are completely determined by some stupid plot they force down their throats. If they wanted to do this they shouldn't have bothered with the first 2 and just called it a complete remake from the start. Other anime I watched long ago: Trigun- Meh, it was ok Blood+ - I remember it starting off great but going somewhat downhill, been a long time FMA- Pretty solid, also how does brotherhood differ from the original? If I wanna go back and watch this what is the order. Escaflowne- I remember liking this, but as I watched it in one marathon go about half my life ago details are hazy. Might revisit this. DBZ- Never could get into this, might not help that I never started at the beginning. I just remember my step brothers watching this and thinking "how many episodes is this guy gonna power up? Stuff I watched more recently: Garden of sinners- I liked this, made me pay attention. Attack on titan- Good idea, interesting setting, and introduced some mysteries, I just wish they had GONE somewhere with them. Maybe the second season will have more stuff actually happen. Highschool DXD- Came in with kinda low expectations, and was in the mood for mindless entertainment. I did think it was enjoyable though and the main character is more assertive than other(bad) harem anime I've watched. Plus a main character whose stated goal is to become the harem king is pretty funny. B gata h kei(Yamada)- This one exceeded my expectations, yeah it's got over the top sex jokes, and yeah it's got pretty generic side characters. It is also very FUNNY, and the two leads work together surprisingly well. Plus it deviates from generic ecchi comedy I've seen that seems to go: MC get into suggestive situation, is too oblivious/timid to do anything, they get interrupted, rinse/repeat and the characters stay static. Kosuda is confused because he is getting mixed signals, and Yamada has to learn to get in touch with her real feelings, and both grow as characters. Disappointed it didn't get a second season as it could have finished the manga in one more go and been added to my(too short) list of very good anime with a real ending. Bleach- I really liked the start of this, but started to lose interest as it drug on. Stopped watching somewhere right after they started numbering their generic bad guys. Haganai- Started out as an enjoyable tale of misfits with a love triangle thrown in, but went downhill when they decided to make it a harem. Currently watching: Naruto- My favorite of the "big" anime series(helps my roommate had the whole thing on dvd and I could skip through the endless flashbacks, also skipped the filler episodes) I had stopped watching shippuden after pain arc to let the series get another backlog and went back recently when I heard it finished.  Spoiler I got bogged down in the ninja war(did they have to reanimate everyone?) but will go back and finish this soon. SAO- I kinda have mixed feelings about this one  Spoiler They spent 14 episodes building their world and developing side characters, then threw that all out the window for the sake of a plot twist. This isn't a bad thing in and of itself, but they did all that just so they could give you the most generic plot ever. It loses all suspense, you aren't worried your favorite side character is gonna die because A: it's no longer a death game B: none of the new side characters get enough development for you to care anyway. It is almost like halfway through everyone decided "this game is too hard, let's all go play Mario." And speaking of our damsel in distress at the top of the tower. I liked Asuna as a female lead, she was bad ass in her own right. They spent a buncha episodes building a pretty good love story between the 2, then they have the scene where she declares she wont be left to the side and they will face the danger together. At that point I got all excited to see our newlywed OP couple start kicking ass and taking names(and wondering if both will survive to the end), then a couple episodes later she is locked away for the rest of the show. Seriously? So by the last episode it almost looks like they wanna make it a harem. Without spoiling too much is SAOII any good?(I'm assuming that is next or is there an OVA in between?) Does Asuna go back to being a main character or is Kirito off to his harem quest? Thinking about watching: Clannad- lot of people really like this, and a few really hate it. I have a feeling I'm gonna like it but as it's pretty long and I've heard it's sad I'm waiting till I'm in the right mood for it. Fairy Tale- kinda hesitant about getting into another really long one as a lot of the big ones started to bore me as they drug on. I am a fan of fantasy setting though. Sorry for the epic first post, in case you can't tell I need more people to discuss anime with. Any suggestions for further watching are appreciated. 
