http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151981-That-mistake-you-wish-you-had-never-committed/page2
 That mistake you wish you had never committed - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Pured Playing games and watching movies while I should have been studying. Now I'm stupid. This one. dropped half my classes my first year of college haha 
 signing up for an A4 account. Once you're in the system, you're in the system. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ signing up for an A4 account. Once you're in the system, you're in the system. I beg to differ! I have escaped the system, in one piece D:< I'm not addicted! My mistake that I wish I never committed was use an extremely large amount of money on Nexon. I regret because I could've used it on League of Legends - seriously. 
 
 Originally Posted by Tragedy ♥ My mistake that I wish I never committed was use an extremely large amount of money on Nexon. I regret because I could've used it on League of Legends - seriously. There would be no difference. You're still spending money on a F2P game. :P 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 My close friend on the football team sucked at everything and when I tell him to get his sh*t together he would always reply shut the hell up. During tackling drills I usually go easy on him but I snapped and took him down hard in front of everyone because he didn't even try during practice treating like a chore. Then one day he hurts his leg and he is out for the whole season. So I would usually see him lying his ass while my team was working hard so I told him that he is a uneeded part of the team. The day before we have our last game we wear a jersey to our school and I see that bastard wearing it. So I told he doesn't even deserve to wear and told him he's just a useless player and such. After that he just stopped talking and left... I felt bad and now we don't talk anymore but I don't really care anymore 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 every time i try to write a normal comment on youtube, and get a deputy troll on my back i regret doing that 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
 Believing that I could make meaningful friends online. If my charm doesn't work online, why the hell would it work online? -_- 
 Chose to go to a really good university instead of a local state one. I got into three schools, two of which were prestigious and one that was just a local backup plan. I ended up going to the best and most expensive of the three. Then I graduated and realized nobody really cares what school you went to and they don't even really care about your GPA all that much; it's all about just having the degree, having a good attitude, and having experience for the job. I basically spent three times as much on university as I had to. Oh, and my friends who never even went to school working as construction foremen since they were 17 make more money than me despite my having a master's and being very well paid for my job. FML 
 When I was in middle school or so, I was playing a game of basketball in my driveway with my younger brother. I forget what happened, but he made me kind of pissed for some reason. Next time he tried a layup I came up to block him and really banged into him on purpose. He fell to the ground face first and I landed standing on his back and knee making it worse (not purposefully though). I really felt bad immediately after that. He started bawling. I picked him up, took a look and found out he broke his front teeth in half. He later had to get those removed, a serious root canal, and fake for the tooth that snapped. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 I regret giving my only copies of Dead Space and Bioshock to my cousin a few years ago. Still haven't gotten them back. Ugh, why. 
 *insert laughter here* *sighs* Yeah... If I could go back in time, falcon punch myself in the groin, I would. Thinking of it though, I'm certain that regardless of the mistake I made, the outcome would roughly be the same. It just so happens said mistake accelerated the process in which the end result occurred. Maybe the mistake I made wasn't a mistake at all? I mean, I did come out better because of it. 
zutto zutto... itsuka... itsumo... kitto... ずっと　ずっと　いつか　いつも　きっと forever... one day... always... surely... "Love is life's most Beautiful mystery. It often comes as a surprise, filling the heart with sudden Joy. Selfless and giving, Love places the Happiness of another before one's own. It inspires with its Passion, nurtures with its Generosity, and enriches with its Spirit. There is no limit to its magic. Love is Eternal." "Dedication takes a Lifetime, Dreams only last for a Night" - 10000 Posts and 10000+ Achievement Points on June 27th, 2010
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Chose to go to a really good university instead of a local state one. I got into three schools, two of which were prestigious and one that was just a local backup plan. I ended up going to the best and most expensive of the three. Then I graduated and realized nobody really cares what school you went to and they don't even really care about your GPA all that much; it's all about just having the degree, having a good attitude, and having experience for the job. I basically spent three times as much on university as I had to. Oh, and my friends who never even went to school working as construction foremen since they were 17 make more money than me despite my having a master's and being very well paid for my job. FML I think a lot of us here did the same thing and it really is kind of dumb but when you're young you don't really understand. Can't say if I lived in southern California I would've declined schools like UCLA or USC though, even though these days I know it's all just branding, marketing, and networking that gets them their reps. Glad I jumped off the carousel personally before going to law school and making another really expensive mistake. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 I wish I had take up piano in my younger days. 
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness. That is life." A few of my piano performances:  Spoiler Ashitaka and San (Princess Mononoke) For Fruit's Basket (Fruit's Basket) Dango Daikazoku (Clannad) To Zanarkand (FFX) Lilium (Elfen Lied) Innocent (Laputa) 
 Originally Posted by Fate_ There would be no difference. You're still spending money on a F2P game. :P I'm spending it on a better and godly F2P game that isn't dying! Nexon's hosting of Dragon Nest is so bad, and I got captured in buying useless things that don't benefit my experience in gaming. We all need skinadvantages to look beautiful, CMON DAYNE. 
 
 My biggest regret is getting into YouTube and gaming. I'm slowly working my way out of it but sometimes I just sit down and play a game for 3 hours and leave unsatisfied. My friends constantly tell me to try out Skyrim and stuff like that, but whenever I get online I can't help but go play a game or watch a video, I don't even dare get into some of the bigger games for fears of getting addicted. At least with Anime it's a different thing, because between episodes is a good time to actually stop and think and do homework, and Anime offers interesting plots and characters and it's thrilling just to watch. Gaming I spend hours leveling up for something that doesn't even matter. I'd go back in time and tell myself whatever happens stay AWAY from certain sites, because now even if I quit sites and games I end up finding new ones and the cycle continues. D; Oh and I'd go back in time and slap my middle-school self, I was such a jerk. Got in fights and was a bit of a bully, one of those nasties. Parents are amazed that they can actually take me out into public now and not be embarrassed. I deserved a few good slaps couple years ago. :P 
 Originally Posted by Tenken I think a lot of us here did the same thing and it really is kind of dumb but when you're young you don't really understand. Can't say if I lived in southern California I would've declined schools like UCLA or USC though, even though these days I know it's all just branding, marketing, and networking that gets them their reps. Glad I jumped off the carousel personally before going to law school and making another really expensive mistake. What's really amazing is how much the education system encourages that type of thinking. They tell you that unless you go to a good university you will be a garbage man for the rest of your life and too poor to even turn the heating on in winter. They tell you that there are heaps of scholarships out there for the taking (a lie), that any major is OK as long as you graduate university (a lie), and that employers won't even look at you unless you have a degree (a lie). I'm very happy with my life and career, but if I could go back and change one thing I'd just opt for the smaller school. Big school never helped me at all. Maybe some people notice I went there and say "wow, that's a good school." Nothing else. 
 that any major is OK as long as you graduate university (a lie) I'd argue this is debatable since your next point is that employers look at you even if you have a degree. It's also entirely possible to get a degree in one thing and have a career in something else entirely. Whatever it is, its still a craft that needs to be worked on. Meh, I think schools like that also get their reputation from research. They hire professors who can do research .And you end up with these professors who suck at teaching but provide a source of reputation for the school. I do think a prestigious university probably counts for something if you're going into the finer arts. - 
 Originally Posted by Buddy Lee What's really amazing is how much the education system encourages that type of thinking. They tell you that unless you go to a good university you will be a garbage man for the rest of your life and too poor to even turn the heating on in winter. They tell you that there are heaps of scholarships out there for the taking (a lie), that any major is OK as long as you graduate university (a lie), and that employers won't even look at you unless you have a degree (a lie). I'm very happy with my life and career, but if I could go back and change one thing I'd just opt for the smaller school. Big school never helped me at all. Maybe some people notice I went there and say "wow, that's a good school." Nothing else. It's all true. Marketing wouldnt be useful though if most of us didnt get taken by it. Makes me think of one choice I am really glad I made. I was a math major and talked out of a physics minor by my brother while in college and wound up taking a round of economics and business. One of the best choices I ever made. Originally Posted by Zer0 I'd argue this is debatable since your next point is that employers look at you even if you have a degree. It's also entirely possible to get a degree in one thing and have a career in something else entirely. Whatever it is, its still a craft that needs to be worked on. They do, and it's not really clear buy you tend to need a related degree or related experience when you're applying for jobs. Although, my first mentor in my first job in tech was maybe an early 40s black woman with a PhD in engineering (who was awesome at it btw). So people will stretch things a bit right now if you show some know how or the right attitude. Meh, I think schools like that also get their reputation from research. They hire professors who can do research .And you end up with these professors who suck at teaching but provide a source of reputation for the school. I do think a prestigious university probably counts for something if you're going into the finer arts. Somewhat true for sciences, but harder to say for business and law. There are research journals for every subject, but Buddy Lee is basically right. Academics is all about pedigree and the real world doesn't really care what kind of dog you are. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 03-19-2014 at 11:17 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Makes me think of one choice I am really glad I made. I was a math major and talked out of a physics minor by my brother while in college and wound up taking a round of economics and business. One of the best choices I ever made whys that? It's all true. Marketing wouldnt be useful though if most of us didnt get taken by it. There are people who go to Ivy league schools. Is that an even worse decision xd 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 whys that? There are people who go to Ivy league schools. Is that an even worse decision xd Depends for them. At the end of the day it's still just people saying "wow, that person went to a good school" unless there's more money involved. I'm guessing they can get jobs as bankers or management consultants pretty easily which would make it worth it financially. There's probably plenty of kids who left schools like that who didn't get those jobs though. This is part of the reason I really like having taken a round of business and finance. There's a method used in capital budgeting called the "net present value" method that really helps in making choices about money. Since I only learned this in college though, it's a catch 22. Also, these days I think marketing is probably just as useful and one of those things I've really ignored. If you know how to bring money in the door to a business you can pretty much do whatever you want. And that's not really something that any one major develops for you as a skill. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 03-20-2014 at 09:01 AM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 My biggest regret would probably be trusting people too easily and then setting myself up for disappointment. 
"The tragedy of being an underachiever is that I know what I should be, but reality keeps telling me that I'm wrong."
 Asking someone for a certain something. Did it twice, one completely by mistake. Good development though, and I was blessed that the initial consequences were not so harrowing. The moral of the story: Don't dive into something you don't think you can crawl out of. 
 playing league of legends what a **** game 
 
 ​One time, I was at a public park right next to some baseball and soccer fields, and I saw this really little kid on the play equipment, all alone, by himself. I looked around, but I didn't see his parents. I was worried the he had wandered away, but I didn't know what to do. And I left him there. It haunts me not to know what happened to him. If he realLy had wandered away, or if his parents were right across the way at the baseball diamond where they could see him. Whether he got lost. I even watched the news for the next week, just waiting to see his face. I didn't, so I assume he's fine. But I still feel horrable about it. 
 ​"If a little scratch thrills you this much...You're going to love the real blood." - Kenshin Battosai.  Spoiler My Favourite Manga: Rurouni Kenshin, Ranma 1/2, Bleach, Hunter x Hunter. My Favourite Anime: Sword Art Online, Blue Exorcist, Say "I Love You", Upotte! 
 Pretty much wasting four years in the military and coming out being unable to work due to injury. If I could change things I just would have went to college. 
