http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150572-Nagi-no-Asu-Kara/page3
[Drama] Nagi no Asu Kara - Page 3
 Originally Posted by Ned lol. We really do have a clash of mindset, sea dweller, 'cause I feel the exact opposite. Hikari jeeos pissing me off with his mean, jealous, possessive attitude and I feel that Manaka deserves somebody nice like Tsugumu. Us land dwellers and sea dwellers really do think different! Where has Tsugumu been most of Manaka's life? Oh, he was on the damn surface doing dirty air breather things. Hikari has been protecting her and looking out for her his whole life. Yeah, he may have a bad attitude but that's his way of showing that he cares even though she's just hurting him in the process with her infatuation of that dirty land dweller. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Where has Tsugumu been most of Manaka's life? Oh, he was on the damn surface doing dirty air breather things. Hikari has been protecting her and looking out for her his whole life. Yeah, he may have a bad attitude but that's his way of showing that he cares even though she's just hurting him in the process with her infatuation of that dirty land dweller. Not only is he racist, he's also sexist. I don't know what you see in this Hikari guy. No, I'm kidding about that... in all seriousness, I can see that he is the character who is sure the exhibit the most growth and change in this series. He's already changing his thinking a lot as of Episode 3. I guess they had to start him off at the bottom in order for him to grow. I'm starting to feel a lot better about his character now. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned Not only is he racist, he's also sexist. I don't know what you see in this Hikari guy. No, I'm kidding about that... in all seriousness, I can see that he is the character who is sure the exhibit the most growth and change in this series. He's already changing his thinking a lot as of Episode 3. I guess they had to start him off at the bottom in order for him to grow. I'm starting to feel a lot better about his character now. I knew you would come to your senses eventually haha, but this episodes definitely made me feel bad for Hikari. He heard Manaka saying all of that and didn't even say a word and completely ignored his feelings so far this little love circle has been completely one sided and I'm expecting it to change, hopefully soon. 
 Oh my god!!! Such a great Episode. I know Hikari is looking out for his sister, but did he really have to start punching that Air breather? He is an interesting character because you want to hate him because he is a big jerk, but on the other hand he wants whats best for his friends and family.  Spoiler I'm glad Tsumugu and Hikari became boys though, im glad it happened now instead of like 13 episodes in. Also I felt the bond between Hikari and Chisaki grew a little because he said she reminded him of his sister, and he would be more mature. I love the sister though I think she is hilarious. And the Grandfather had ENA!!! And then that BOMBSHELL at the end.  Spoiler With the surface dude being a DAD! So glad this is 24 episodes, it is well worth it. 

  Spoiler The fact that the old man was from the sea explains a lot. Him and Tsumugu know so much about the sea village, and the care of the sea people. This is probably one reason why Tsumugu loves the sea so much, is that he is likely one of the ena-less descendants of a sea/land couple. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This anime...makes me sick with some form of..nostlagic sensation >< THEM VISUALS. I CAN'T GET OVER THEM 
 
 I just watched the third episode recently :S No banishing? Oh-Ohkay OA O! 
 
 Damn Surface people. Really starting to piss me off! Just deal with the fact that you have sea people in your class.  Spoiler Pretty serious episode, I feel awful for Chisaki because she clearly is in love with Hikari but she doesn't have the attitude like Manaka so she can't really protect him. I am curious as to why the sea god said that they can't lose anymore sea people to the surface. I guess they'll follow that story for a little. That boyfriend though is dedicated enough to almost drown to death to visit Akari though. I gotta give him props. 

 4th episode was pretty awesome. Now maybe the surface classmates will accept them? 

 Episode 5 was SO sad and beautiful!!! T_T 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned Episode 5 was SO sad and beautiful!!! T_T This episode solidified Hikari as being the best! 
 Episode 5: THE FEELS 

 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi This episode solidified Hikari as being the best! Nuuu... big sis Akari is best! But yeah, Hikari was pretty damn cool in this episode. :3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned Nuuu... big sis Akari is best! But yeah, Hikari was pretty damn cool in this episode. :3 I also sensed a little jealousy and uncertainty from Manaka, I wonder what that was all about. 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi I also sensed a little jealousy and uncertainty from Manaka, I wonder what that was all about. Oh, you know.... 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I teared up. Very strong episode. Animation looked even better in my opinion. Chisaki opening up to Tsumugu and then Manaka over hearing was a strong moment. And Hikari hugging Miuna was strong too. 

 Referring back to a post I had earlier about another girl being added to the mix.  Spoiler Well Miuna (The girl who took trash out with Kaname) is here now haha. The swimming pool episode got me, Chisaki is really...well...busty? XD I enjoyed that part. I also enjoy how everyone is pretty much cool with each other now. Chisaki needs to express her feelings though. That girl is only going to keep getting hurt and I dont like that. 

 My damn feels in this episode...pretty much leading to a Tsumugu and Manaka relationship. However the preview for next weeks seems very interesting...  Spoiler meaning Chisaki possibly telling Hikari how she feels about him! 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai My damn feels in this episode...pretty much leading to a Tsumugu and Manaka relationship. However the preview for next weeks seems very interesting...  Spoiler meaning Chisaki possibly telling Hikari how she feels about him!  Spoiler Don't forget too though that Hikari is moving onto the surface (the most unexpected development of the episode for me!), so I'm guessing he's going to move in with Akari, her bo, and Miuna. Hikari and Miuna have already started a little connection together, so Hikari might start to move away from Manaka. Which I personally think would be a good thing, since I find his obsession with Manaka to be rather unhealthy. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned  Spoiler Don't forget too though that Hikari is moving onto the surface (the most unexpected development of the episode for me!), so I'm guessing he's going to move in with Akari, her bo, and Miuna. Hikari and Miuna have already started a little connection together, so Hikari might start to move away from Manaka. Which I personally think would be a good thing, since I find his obsession with Manaka to be rather unhealthy. I agree with you 100% percent. The sea god is going to be pissed off though. I wanna see the outcome of them both living on the land. 

 Same, same! It's gonna be interesting! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This anime makes me have feels and I feel weirdly nostlagic. It's so. Complicated - why do they bother with the surface people :S ? Why not build a new school in the Sea Village Q^Q? 
 
 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen Why not build a new school in the Sea Village Q^Q? I believe the school probably closed down because there were not enough students? Look at how few transferred into the class, and look at how concerned the town is about the underwater population dwindling, scared of losing people to the surface. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 That last part definitely made me feel bad for Hikari, poor dude just got shot down too fast. 
 Wow Manaka I...wow...I dislike her so much now. Even if you dont have feelings for Hikari, understand the moment, he comes back home and no one is in the village, like what the hell is he supposed to think? And then you babble this nonsense about worrying about him and having to tell him and then you push him away. There are so many curse words I wanna use now but I'm holding back lol 

