http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142652-IS-Infinite-Stratos-2/page2
[Comedy] IS: Infinite Stratos 2 - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Griffmeister Sorry, just having some fun. If you look at all the other posts it's like who's the favorite female character. Almost as if you could just drop the whole idea of a stolen IS and fill the rest of the episodes with beach and bedroom scenes. Hmmm, how many episodes can they make like that? No prob and I agree with you. I just wish that they put more time into the actual storyline. We all know the girls are hot. We have all seen them in as little clothes as possible and we all know Ichika is the most dense object on the planet. 
 Ha, very dense indeed. At least he doesn't get nose bleeds, especially being hit there so many times. 

 Guys c'mon, who cares if there is a plot. We all wacth infinite stratos because it's a hilarious-akward anime. Okay it might have been better with a plot but it still is all about who Ichika is gonna pick. My favorites are Houki and Charlotte, but I think it's gonna be Houki since they almost kissed already. But Tatenashi is quite intresting as well. 
 ​​THE ONE AND ONLY SANTA CLAUS​
 Yeah right, so what about the plot, i do not pay attention to it anyway. The combat bits are good and the situation comedy is funny! I do not think he will ever pick a girl, but if he does it is most likely to be houki. After watching the last episode char is now permanently my favorite character. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 *sigh* Why put a plot in the anime anyway then if the animators know that the people don't care about it. Also the anime is geared towards Ichica never picking anyone (that's the only issue thats driving this anime. If he chose someone, and without a plot, the story would end) IS should not aim to be a generic harem like 70% of the anime out there. Putting a decent story in it will allow for a broader audience to become interested in it and increase DVD sales (which drives how many seasons an anime has). Making it only about Ichica's harem only targets young teenage boys that havent yet discovered H anime yet 
 "I have every right to punch you in the face, but it's too much of a hassle" lol. I like Kanzashi so far. She likes anime and she should have her personal IS but yeah. I think she'll grow a lot more on us. 

 IS 1, was pretty much the same with no real plot. That's what IS is famous for, the harem and clueless Ichika. IS 1 did good on it's first season, they pretty much got lazy and gave IS 2 a ton of fanservice and focused on the harem. There are 12 episodes for s2 overall, so I doubt that they can wrap up the "plot" by that time. A season 3 might be possible. Let's face it, in the end everyone loves Char.....and Laura......in neko suits. right? 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Seriously...my heart shattered at the end of this episode.  Spoiler Yeah I was tearing up but Kanzashi deserved better then this. Her feelings went from hating Ichika, to actually liking him back to probably hating him again. Am I going to say best girl? No But She may be top three in my opinion. 

 I stopped watching a few weeks ago do to being busy with stuff and now kinda am waiting for the dub. Which I think Sentai confirmed is a thing 
 I watch the first season of IS years ago, I just started watching the 2nd season a few days ago, and I'm pretty impressed! I thought it'll just last one season. Honestly I prefer the 2nd season over the 1st one. 

 *sigh* I hate to say this, but I am not really liking season 2. Ichika is a moron, yeah we get it, he doesnt realize any of the females love him. But these females are starting to go crazy and making him buy food and snacks when its not even his fault. Like Woman up and kiss him or tell him you are in love with him. With that Said Charlotte should be with him, but hes probably going to end up with Houki. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai *sigh* I hate to say this, but I am not really liking season 2. Ichika is a moron, yeah we get it, he doesnt realize any of the females love him. Yeah, it's getting old. Though he may never pick anyone, seeing how clueless he is. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 So Season 3 had to happen am I right? I mean that ending was...bland. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai So Season 3 had to happen am I right? I mean that ending was...bland. LOL the ENTIRE show was bland at best (and thats stretching it) I honestly think that Ichica is not human because there is no way someone could be that dense. Even an undead zombie would have realize that one or two of the girls liked him. Heck, even a rock would have put two and two together after a couple of episodes. Its almost like the producers wanted to stick as much cliches as humanly possible in a anime to see if people would watch it and thats unfortunate because there was sooo much promise too. I give it a 2/10 (and it received a 2 only because of Charlotte. I have a major crush on her) 
 Originally Posted by legattoVIII LOL the ENTIRE show was bland at best (and thats stretching it) I honestly think that Ichica is not human because there is no way someone could be that dense. Even an undead zombie would have realize that one or two of the girls liked him. Heck, even a rock would have put two and two together after a couple of episodes. Its almost like the producers wanted to stick as much cliches as humanly possible in a anime to see if people would watch it and thats unfortunate because there was sooo much promise too. I give it a 2/10 (and it received a 2 only because of Charlotte. I have a major crush on her) Watch Kore wa Zombie Desuka? and gets back to me with that Zombie quote lol. I gave it a 3/10 For Charlotte which I agree with, but also Laura and the Kanzashi sisters really got to me. :3 

 Most main characters in anime who are men that have girls that like them never realize it and we all watch and go "This guy...." 
"Or maybe Daud was really Corvo and Corvo was really Jessamine, and the Jessamine Daud killed was really Hiram Burrows, and then Hiram Burrows was Delilah." - Random Person, Dishonored Wiki "So throw away those useless emotions, I'll show you how to use everything and everyone available."- Xerxes Break, 
 I love this show! I just finished episode six of season two but I have a question: Why does Laura keep calling ichika her bride??? I mean shouldn't she be calling him her husband if she is so infatuated by him? Other than that this is a perfect show for me. Good action and harem romance comedy. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 I love this show! I just finished episode six of season two but I have a question: Why does Laura keep calling ichika her bride??? I mean shouldn't she be calling him her husband if she is so infatuated by him? Other than that this is a perfect show for me. Good action and harem romance comedy. Because Laura is seen more as a manly woman, it dates back to season one. Which obviously she is not a manly woman. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Because Laura is seen more as a manly woman, it dates back to season one. Which obviously she is not a manly woman. That would make sense. She is definitely macho on the outside. It was fun seeing her try out swimsuits and she asked for a cuter one. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 It has nothing to do with being a manly woman. Laura is basically naïve about anything but battle techniques. She takes all of her advice on worldly affairs from Clarissa, the leader of the Black Rabbit squadron. Unfortunately, Clarissa is a "fan" of Japanese anime and this is where her knowledge comes from. As a result, her advise is rather off and loses gender identity. This is why she saved Ichika from Rin's attack in the classroom, grabbed him, gave him a big smooch and declared him her "bride". It's just faulty info from Clarissa. 

 @griffmeister - ah so it was lost in translation then. Thanks. I'm almost done with season two. I just finished episode 7. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Yeah, lots of funny goofy stuff yet to go but remember that I warned you, ep 12 will end and you'll be like "Huh, what, wait..." 

 Originally Posted by Griffmeister Yeah, lots of funny goofy stuff yet to go but remember that I warned you, ep 12 will end and you'll be like "Huh, what, wait..." Hey so long as its not school days esque I'll still enjoy the whole show. Oh and they won't do aesthetica of a rogue hero and start off on a new adventure but never produce it will they??? 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Nah, it's kind of a dramatic ending but still sort of soft with lots of loose ends. 

 Originally Posted by Griffmeister Nah, it's kind of a dramatic ending but still sort of soft with lots of loose ends. I just finished it! I liked it. Very nice battles at the end. And actually I'm OK with the loose ends. That means they could do more if they can do a cash grab somehow The last scene was perfect for the show. But we didn't see the consequences of it 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
