http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159787-Super-Powered
[IC] Super-Powered
 Edmond Edmond worked his way around the building, avoiding if he could those trying to escape and the thieves running amuck. The sounds of gun fire and explosions made their way through the building, constantly reminding Edmond that their presence was there. Edmond did not concern himself with why the thieves were there, he just knew it was his way of getting into the building, and checking up on any secrets it might have had. He found a series of fancy looking offices as he entered another floor. This is where Edmond assumed that managers and the like worked when not looking over the cube mice. Edmond opened one of the doors and walked into the room. It was a neat enough room, the only mess being a toppled over stack of papers. Edmond walked over to the desk and realigned the papers before sitting back behind it. Edmond reached underneath and turned on the computer that was sitting at the corner of the desk, its tower hidden below. The computer powered on, but remained blank. Edmond leaned forward and noticed the ever so fine fuzz that the screen was displaying. He leaned back and chucked to himself slightly. He took a deep breathe and seemed to relax, soon after the computer black out and then continued its normal loading screen. Once it finished loading, a black screen with an empty text bar and the Varrion logo displayed. It only made sense the computer was password protected. Swiftly typing away at the keyboard, the computer accepted the password and opened to the desktop. Edmond smirked, taking his time to search through the files, looking for anything that could be of use. Emily Emily found herself in between a large man in armor, and another who held her up as a shield. The mafia member held her tightly enough to hurt making it difficult for her to struggle. This new man wasn't going to help either. He walked in, killed everyone, and even now threatened that he would hurt her in order to get to her captor. Her heart beat raced as fear filled her up. Her captor didn't seem to want to agree with the intruder's terms, rather he held on to her even tighter than before. "Who do you think you are? Breaking in and ruining everything." yelled Emily's captor. The intruder, Luminary, did not respond to the question, rather he focused on the best way he could take him down. His hand at his back he unholstered the gun at his lower back, but kept it hidden. Emily's captor then shifted his weight, and held Emily up by the base of her neck using his now free hand to reach for another gun that was laid on a table just behind him. Luminary had to respond quickly. "I gave you a fair warning." he said as be brought his gun around in front of him. Emily screamed, her cries muffled behind the duct tape that bound her mouth, and Luminary fired. Time almost seemed to stand still, the bullet exiting the barrel of Luminary's gun, the mafia member's arm just reaching the gun, and Emily right in the bullet's path. But time continued normally and the bullet clearly went straight through Emily's abdomen straight into her captor. The action ended quickly, leaving Emily collapsed on the ground, her captor behind her hunched back over the table unmoving. Emily cried as she was on the ground, no longer bound, the rings of duct tape that once kept her from moving or speaking lying underneath her body. She was also unharmed, losing no blood as though she was not shot at all. Lowering his gun Luminary inspected the man. The bullet had left him paralyzed. Standing weakly off to the side, Emily tried to run away, but was too exhausted to do so and fell back down onto the ground, knocking over the stool she used to stand herself up. She pushed herself onto her hands and knees taking quick breaths recuperating after what just happened. 
 Last edited by Randoms; 02-05-2015 at 02:27 AM. 
  Spoiler 
