http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140836-That-moment-when-a-silly-anime-becomes-serious
[Anime] That moment when a silly anime becomes serious
 I'm on episode 235 of One Piece and all the sudden it's become rather serious  Spoiler It's when Luffy decides to get a new ship because the Going Merry is at a point of no repair and Ussop and Luffy start flipping **** at each other When it happened, I enjoyed the change of mood. But it was really awkward. So, how do you react when this happens? Do you have any examples? This was the first anime where it happened for me and it felt really weird. 
 What? I didn't stick with the show for very long but I remember them dealing with some pretty harsh **** a lot earlier than that. The backstory for Nami is a pretty huge downer. 

 Originally Posted by KT Samurai What? I didn't stick with the show for very long but I remember them dealing with some pretty harsh **** a lot earlier than that. The backstory for Nami is a pretty huge downer. Yes, they did endure hardships but none of them were to the degree of this moment with Going Merry. Seriously, the part with Nami's backstory does not compare. 
 Originally Posted by Chunibyou Yes, they did endure hardships but none of them were to the degree of this moment with Going Merry. Seriously, the part with Nami's backstory does not compare. I disagree. I've heard about what happened with the boat. But seriously  Spoiler Nami's care-giver (and essentially her mother) was murdered right before her eyes as a child alongside her sister. That's ****ed up. 

 The Japanese have a tendency to inject a bit of seriousness into their comedies. Lucky Star does it, from what little I've seen. More recent examples include Binbougami. It's a cultural thing. It has less to do with anime and more to do with the Japanese as a people and their attitude towards such things. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 I've only read the manga here, but I kind of have to agree with KT. One piece was pretty serious right from the beginning with Nami's story. Also, isn't this the whole reason any of us watched Puella Magi Madoka Magica? There's the big attention grabber right in episode 3. And for me, the opening sequence of now and then, here and there episode 6 might be the most intense I've watched in terms of mood. Although, that series was never silly. Edit: Also, thinking back on it, I really liked that whole sequence in Dragonball when Goku fights general tao. Kind of the first time Goku's character struck me as having that heroic feel. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai I disagree. I've heard about what happened with the boat. But seriously  Spoiler Nami's care-giver (and essentially her mother) was murdered right before her eyes as a child alongside her sister. That's ****ed up. Shieet I forgot about that, I saw that episode a little while back so all I could remember was  Spoiler her being forced to make maps But yea, that was a pretty harsh part. 
 You mean like in Mai hime where it's generic harem **** and then BAM everyone is dying. I just cried about how shitty the end was nonstop. That's about it. 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 The only anime that come to my mind is Tower of Druaga , the first episodes didnt looked so serious but in the of first season it became serious and some characters died. 
 
 Originally Posted by Lu The Great Space Pirate You mean like in Mai hime where it's generic harem **** and then BAM everyone is dying. I just cried about how shitty the end was nonstop. That's about it. That was the first thing that came to my mind too :P Mai Otome too. They pretend it's going to be high school fun and then the world falls apart and  Spoiler the maid jumps off a cliff. 

 one piece omg lol fits this perfectly 
 I actually haven't noticed much of that, as I prefer to watch more action oriented serious toned anime. I actually believe I have experienced the opposite in the anime that I'm referring to. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Originally Posted by The Archangel I actually haven't noticed much of that, as I prefer to watch more action oriented serious toned anime. I actually believe I have experienced the opposite in the anime that I'm referring to. It's been the same for me, until I started watching One Piece. 
 one piece is the best! GUM GUUMMMMMMM ...suspension bridge... 
 School Days came to mind when I saw this. BTW: The following link spoils the ending. It was pretty much your typical harem aside from the massive amounts of sex, but then the super amazing slap youself in the face plot twist happens at the end. That twist completely changed the mood of the anime. School Days doesn't really go from silly to serious, but this change in mood you're talking about happens. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 Hey guys what about FMP (fulll metal panic). Its a real killer anime in my opinion. Filled with comedy and such, but the protagonist's boyfriend is a war freak. I dont really understand the genre of FMP but i believe that it goes serious in the anime Second Raid. The protagonist Kaname gets kidnapped and **** goes downnn. I didnt really see much comedy after that as the war side of the anime came out. But thats just my opinion xD 
 I think it's like this for alot of long running anime series. They tend to be all chill and humorous at the beginning, introducing all the characters. Then about 15-25 episodes in, it kicks in and gets all serious. Bleach and Katekyo Hitman Reborn are good examples. But I think a change of mood is good, if its all one mood all the time it would probably get boring *especially if it runs as long as One Piece*. You need a mix of emotions for an anime to be successful. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Originally Posted by Zainox I think it's like this for alot of long running anime series. They tend to be all chill and humorous at the beginning, introducing all the characters. Then about 15-25 episodes in, it kicks in and gets all serious. Bleach and Katekyo Hitman Reborn are good examples. But I think a change of mood is good, if its all one mood all the time it would probably get boring *especially if it runs as long as One Piece*. You need a mix of emotions for an anime to be successful. Yeah i agree, Katekyo used to be a foolish high schooler but then the mafia overuns the fun comedy in the anime. I think that the early episodes got boring and i think that the change was an improvement, though i think that it should still have more comedy and stuff xD i dunno :P 
 Originally Posted by Roxastheman School Days came to mind when I saw this. BTW: The following link spoils the ending. It was pretty much your typical harem aside from the massive amounts of sex, but then the super amazing slap youself in the face plot twist happens at the end. That twist completely changed the mood of the anime. School Days doesn't really go from silly to serious, but this change in mood you're talking about happens. Oh my god, don't even get me started on school days! Never In my life has an anime pissed me off that much!!!! (Well the fact that I watched Legend of Crystania is a little enraging but that doesn't matter) But as for my contribution, I'd say in a way Angel beats could be described this way. It has its funny moments here and there and than all of sudden it serious and ominous. I'm blanking for an example to give, but I just found this anime to be pretty relative to the topic ._. 

 Going to respond to your statement in video format. just you know I will disagree with you in this also I will be giving you my points as to why one piece has never changed and asto why you may feel like this 
 Last edited by Flashboi; 04-10-2013 at 07:53 AM. 
