http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152466-Korean-cats-say-quot-meowsayo-quot
 Korean cats say "meowsayo"
 Hey I'm new here. I used to be an intense otaku in junior high, and its been some years since i last read/watched anything. So joining this site in hopes of reigniting that otaku flame~! (and meeting people as creepy if not more than me). 
 Welcome to A4, yeah you will become interested in Anime and Manga again if you stay here for a while and I would prefer to not call myself creepy but enjoy and have fun here 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome. *This is the part I realise annyeongsayo isn't a real word* Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Welcome to a Hellish landscape you won't soon escape from... or you know, clicking the "x" in the top right corner can remedy that one pretty easily. Looking to get back into anime? Hm. What are some of the genres you're into? There's a recommendation thread, but it's a bit choppy and a bit impersonal. So long as you're not looking for "slice of life" anime, I can assist. Enjoy your stay, assuming it lasts for longer than a week. Any questions? Never hesitate if you have any. Oh, and stay away from the dregs around these parts. Need something, just hmu. 
Individual Eleven: Rise Up. Never conform. 
 Welcome to A4! I hope you get that flame back up, and burning!!! Lol. What type of anime do you watch? Hope you enjoy the Forums! 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 lol. Welcome to A4!!! Interesting username. I like it.^^ Anyway, I hope you reignite that flame.~ xD And enjoy it here and everything! 
 
 Originally Posted by Kyō Welcome to a Hellish landscape you won't soon escape from... or you know, clicking the "x" in the top right corner can remedy that one pretty easily. Looking to get back into anime? Hm. What are some of the genres you're into? There's a recommendation thread, but it's a bit choppy and a bit impersonal. So long as you're not looking for "slice of life" anime, I can assist. Enjoy your stay, assuming it lasts for longer than a week. Any questions? Never hesitate if you have any. Oh, and stay away from the dregs around these parts. Need something, just hmu. thank you so much I'm really into the sweet romance series, the kind without super magic bunny girls and just consists of everyday people with some really sweet moments. I watched an anime called "Say I Love You" and if fit my taste perfectly. I'm also looking for something similar to Code Geass- alot of action and intellect mixed into amazing artwork. Originally Posted by Dragnight44 Welcome to A4! I hope you get that flame back up, and burning!!! Lol. What type of anime do you watch? Hope you enjoy the Forums! 
 Hi! welcome to the forums! we hope you enjoy your stay. 

