http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?154628-Sword-Art-Online-GGO-Arc
 Sword Art Online: GGO Arc
 http://www.swordart-online.net/ The long expected Sword Art Online II anime has finally been confirmed with the Sword Art Online EXTRA EDITION New Year's special ending with the notice that it's been "activated" for 2014. The next stretch of Reki Kawahara's original novels features fictional massively multiplayer online game Gun Gale Online, which focuses on firearms, but also features knifes and light saber-like weapons. Gun Gale Online character Sinon, voiced by Miyuki Sawashiro in the PSP and Vita games, along with a drama CD, also made a cameo at the end of extra edition. http://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-new...nime-activated Yall ready for more really dumb MMO anime? 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 12-31-2013 at 05:34 PM. 

 So there is going to be a sequel to SAO now, well I hope this one will be better 
  Spoiler 
 I haven't read the manga, but all the manga readers say that Gun Gale Online is the best. :3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...88#post3575388 merge threads! 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Think I'll just close the other due to how little effort was put into it. Also GGO is probably the craziest arc, but I'd says it's the second worst. I only prefer it to ALO which was terrible. There's rumors about Mother's Rosario getting adapted as well though, which is easily the best arc. 

 I hope this one will turn out much better for me ^^ 
 
 I'm looking forward to it. Can't get any worse than the ALO arc, so there's nowhere to go but up! 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I have honestly heard nothing but good things about the light novel for GunGale Online (as far as the light novel goes). And to be quite frank, Sword Art Online is a massive guilty pleasure for me. I know it sucks but **** I love it so much. Can't wait. 
 haaaa, I wonder when it will be actually happening. It turns out, now's the time! Will be watching. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 All I can say is that it is about time. I cannot say I am excited or looking forward to it, but that is not to say I am uninterested. We get to see more Kirito badassery, and that is all that matters for me.. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Yeah, saw this one last night while watching the simulcast extra edition episode. I was quite surprised when the commercial played right after the show. Can't wait to see it 
  Spoiler Mayuyu's personal slave >3< "Look beyond the horizon, you'll see a carnival waiting for you and the reflection of what you used to be..." **kudos to the artist** 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Think I'll just close the other due to how little effort was put into it. Also GGO is probably the craziest arc, but I'd says it's the second worst. I only prefer it to ALO which was terrible. There's rumors about Mother's Rosario getting adapted as well though, which is easily the best arc. Sigh I should've known. In hopes the rumors of the author not giving a crap with SAO was due to some mental issues he/she had at time time, I figured no harm in reading this thread atleast. I want to like this anime, but with the author not giving a rats ass about writing a good story, I can't. If this is the 2nd worst Arc, and SLO was the worst, am I correct in assuming that means the first season was the best to have been adapted to a anime(there's some good elements in it, like the few boss fights, and the art its self, but I didn't think the writing/story could get any worse) ? Well I guess nomatter how good a concept is, it wont save a anime from a author who just doesn't care. Evidently the rumors are false, if he's creating crap even worse then the first season(no way It's a slump he's in or he's under too much stress, ect). Thanks for letting me know that the series gets even worse, I wasn't expecting it to become a masterpiece or anything, but I would've been inclined to believe it to be way better then the first season(shame you can't search for anime by author on animeplanet, this way I don't accidently try to watch anything that author wrote). 
 I'll probably watch it for the heck of it, but I can already say this: Prepare for more SAO this SAO that all over the goddamn interwebs... ._. 
 
 I'm so excited; SAO was amazing and I think this will be just as good! 
 To lead people walk behind them. -Lao Tzu Where there is love there is life. -Mahatma Gandhi ​
 I hope it'll be better than last time. They have a solid foundation since the ALO arc sucked so hard. Maybe I'll try it out I hope it doesn't disappoints me. Also that anti material rifle held by that blue hair girl looks like the one from Fallout New Vegas I mean it looks EXACTLY like it 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Wow information was left out here..... And MMO animes aren't dumb ... Log Horizon isn't dumb.. GGO was created by an American company... And some other stuff that doesn't ruin it... 
Nonsense is the fuel of humanity.
 SAO would've been good...if it had a little something called plot. I REALLY dislike SAO, which, for some reason, pisses a lot of SAO fanboys who say 'OMG SAO IZ THE BEST ANIME EVA' and all that. I'm not gonna get too detailed here since I gotta go soon, but SAO had flat characters, zero character development, none of the people can actually DO anything other than Kirito, and the fact that Kirito is stupidly op just because he "participated in the beta". I heard from someone I know that GGO, the book, was no improvement from the first season. Also, if the ending of the first arc wasn't basically,  Spoiler Kirito: WHY DID YOU DO ALL THIS STUFF AND KILL ALL THESE PEOPLE?! Creator: ...I forgot. Sorry about that. Oh, and I found these two hilarious images....  Spoiler 

