http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157597-Psycho-Pass-a-Brief-Write-Up
[Anime] Psycho-Pass; a Brief Write Up
 In this thread I want to talk about Psycho-Pass; I watched it a few months ago and my opinion of it is that it’s a great anime, a top favorite for sure. This reading is not meant to be taken as a review, but just a glance at some of the aspects of the series in the form of analogy and some personal opinion; I would like to make it clear that there are spoilers here; so if that's an issue for you, do not proceed. I really enjoyed everything about it; the color schemes, the sterile and gritty background settings, the storylines and how they all contributed to the main plotline, themes, the primary characters and their outstanding development. The music does a great job of creating a haunting, grim and dismal atmosphere, with orchestral and electronic scores, soft piano, or even old classical music to complement the tone or identity of characters; I will admit that some of the guitar work in it does get a little cheesy during some of the action scenes. The setting ranges from squeaky clean to grimy and gritty, perhaps to illustrate the duality the series is attempting to present to the viewer. The clean settings have a sterile look to them, they’re gorgeous, but at the same time very unsettling the same way the Alien series uses similar backgrounds. The more rustic, slummy urban and industrial looking areas range from a Blade Runner vibe to what I’d imagine the environment in 1984 to look like. To evoke even more a contrast, many of the characters living areas have their own personal tastes to them that reflect the characters that inhabit them. Aside from having amazing character development, good action, a tight story, all the themes presented allow for good critical analysis and contribute to the narrative so graciously it serves to enhance the viewing experience for just about anyone looking for an outstanding series. From this point on, I’m going to express some of my thoughts and interpretations of the series and the elements in it. I’m going to try and keep this simple, so while I will be talking in depth about this, I won’t go too intricate as it would make for an extensively long post. Aside from the common theme of the Gen Urobuchi anime I have seen being the clash of utilitarian social structures against individualism and personal freedom, there’s no question that as a thematic work, the message leans towards the implications of humankind’s dependency on technology and the possible results of that dependency. If we look around at the developed world as we know it today, our utilization of technology goes beyond mere practical use. There are other themes at work, such as the idea that no matter how perfect a system and society may appear; there are flaws in it that can be exploited as well as the concept of fate which also comes up every now and then throughout the series. If we observe these themes as they're played out in Psycho-Pass, they're explored in different angles with foreshadowing, character development, duality and technological use and of course in depth dialogue all of which are linked together with brilliant writing. The series raises a lot of moral questions and also views like a warning for were our society may be heading. Through the governing program known as the Sibyl System, it determines all aspects of a person’s life. From their mental, emotional and psychological stability to the career they will invest their lives in, in this show; technology has evolved to the point that people no longer control it; it controls them. This premise is pretty much where most of the thematic exploration revolves around. The trade-off for security is free will and vice versa. This is where that 1984 book reference comes into play since one of the more famous lines from it is “War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength.” Add to this the concept of “thought crimes” which is similar to a person’s psycho pass going bad. I would like to talk a little bit about the technological use and its impact on the story. During earlier scenes on the first episode we’re given a presentation of the technological capabilities they have in this time period. This serves not only to make the viewer go “wow, cool stuff,” but to actually begin laying the ground work for some of the themes, start some world building and foreshadow later events that span much further in the series. Internet figureheads who are murdered to have their avatars taken over by other users on the internet is a set up to one of the biggest plot twists in this series. For instance, the holographic interfaces that change a surroundings appearance play a huge role in the story. There’s a scene where the investigators are able to use it to get a lead on a case by noticing alterations in an apartment layout. The fact that people can disguise themselves and hide their appearance in real life isn’t such a far cry from the cyber world that Psycho-Pass also spends some time developing. They’re also a symbol to convey to the viewer that the security and peace that this society has is an illusion; completely artificial. This leads me to one of the constant reminders that are illustrated with the use of the dominators in the series. It’s the Sibyl System that ultimately dictates how guilty a person is and the appropriate judgement to be passed on an individual based on a quantitative figure; all the person holding the dominator has to do is pull the trigger. Whether they decide to or not is still up to them, and Akane demonstrates this over the course of the series even using the quantitative figure determined by Sibyl to save a person’s life. What this all boils down to is the people who inhabit the society in Psycho-Pass are inhibited from making any of their own decisions. Once again this trade-off comes into play with the technological dependence; the stress that goes along with the freedom to craft one’s own path for their life, or not having to carry that burden because an external party makes all the tough decisions. There is also the concept that people have already become somewhat like cyborgs because of their dependency on technology with the dialogue that’s exchanged with Toyohisa Senguji and a news reporter. On this topic, this is where some allegory explored comes into play with the characters. The enforcers are constantly compared to hunting dogs, while civilians are likened with sheep and even cattle at one point because they blindly allow technology to make their decisions for them. The more interesting is Shinya Kogami which is seen as a wolf, but even more fascinating is Akane; who never does have any mention of which animal she shares a commonality with. Not mentioned but shown; she’s a jellyfish. It’s shown the artificial intelligence character in her apartment her is a jellyfish; take into account that she mostly paralyses suspects as jellyfish sting and paralyzes their prey and her psycho pass never seems to run into issues because jellyfish actually don’t have emotions, or even a brain for that matter. With the characters and their development, there are only a few that undergo some radical change. I found with this series, as I do any series with amazing characterisation and a winning ensemble cast with a great dynamic that it’s extremely difficult to pinpoint a favorite character. The main ones are all phenomenal and are written so well that it’s hard not to empathize and become emotionally invested in them. This is where I have made a few realizations about the series in terms of parallels it shares with some of my other shows.I actually remember saying out loud while watching Psycho-Pass is that it feels like their system is rigged for detectives to eventually become criminals to get demoted to enforcer and eventually jailed and/or executed. In a word, discarded once they’re no longer of use. The aspect that I’m touching on what about Psycho-Pass intrigued me is how the dominators and Sibyl System is the career (life) cycle of the people using them. I mentioned how they don’t allow for any discretion from the users and how the implications are technology doing everything for people. Now, I was aware while watching this series that most people who become detectives eventually get demoted to enforcers due to the stress or become aware of the moral ambiguity that comes with the job. Eventually, these people's crime coefficients would become so high they would be jailed and/or executed, or die on the job. This is where I can see a clear parallel to Puella Magi Madoka Magica Sibyl is Kyubey in that they recruit, use and discard with Magical Girls being either doomed to eventually become witches, or die fighting witches just like detectives are doomed to become enforcers or die on the job. As for key players in this series, Akane’s story arc was great writing from beginning with the done before, but very effective idea of having Akane new to the investigation bureau allowing the viewer to vicariously observe their procedures and meet the primary characters through Akane’s eyes to her gradual progression and evolution to becoming instinctual like Kogami. A lot of this is due to the fact that she has many of the same experiences as Kogami along with the fact that she shares a lot of screen time with him to become aware of his methods. In the beginning, Akane was squirrely and out of her element, by the end, she is confident and knows precisely what she is doing and how to do it. What really stood out to me was the scene where she takes the wheel of the car and drives herself, almost like it’s more than just a metaphor for her taking control of her situation and destiny; it’s a transitional scene that conveys she as a character has undergone a significant change. I arrive at this conclusion because in the duration of the entire series, the cars drive themselves which is symbolic of people not “steering” or being in control of their own lives. There’s some great fleshing out with Kogami with the details of his past and how that ties into the story and the main theme. He’s pretty much the antithesis to the Sibyl System in that he’s more of a traditional detective relying on instincts, gathering evidence as opposed to accepting the given numerical values Sibyl dishes out. A lot of his development comes later on in the series since there is so much antecedent action that occurred that changed him as a character. So he became the way he is due to his past experiences and where the series begins is a continuation of that process to the point where he is a “lone wolf,” in the end. With Kogami one of the tells that I couldn’t help but notice with him is his smoking habit, as a matter of fact, I would say anyone trying to quit smoking to avoid this series all together as it may trigger cravings in a person. Surgeon General warnings aside, it’s obvious that Kogami is a chain smoker as this show goes out of its way to convey this. Could this be symbolism of sorts that likens most of the people heavily dependent on technology to an addiction? There’s a strong chance that is the case. Then there’s Tomomi Masaoka, who, like Kogami, also goes on instinct and older styles of investigation with massive skepticism towards the Sibyl System. Once again, there’s a lot of antecedent action that occurred in his past that not only shows why he is the way he is, but also his son – which I will get to in a minute. Despite his past, I admired his character for maintaining higher spirits even with a lot of the impeding gloom that clouded their workplace. The foreshadowing with his character, with his age and the dynamic he has with Nobuchika Ginoza illustrates that they’re father and son; it’s something I should’ve seen sooner with all the seeds that were being planted, but was a well-established surprise. When I think about Nobuchika Ginoza as a character, his resentment for latent criminals, the dynamic with him and Tomomi Masaoka and the exposition through his dialogue it should’ve been easy to notice they are related. This also explains a lot of the resentment that Ginoza harbors towards Kogami. First, he felt betrayed when Kogami got too wrapped up in a case and allowed his mental state to become clouded turning him into a latent criminal, but then I think there’s more to it. It’s obvious that Ginoza resents Kogami because of his investigative skills and how they resonate with Masaoka. The result is that Masaoka and Kogami have a bond where they work very well together and this causes crushing jealousy in Ginoza since it’s his father. In terms of Ginoza’s development, I strongly feel that he and Akane were the ones who changed the most in this series. Early on Ginoza is very by the book as written by the Sibyl System which, as I explained, there’s good reason for. As the series progresses, Ginoza’s development as a character does as well along with Akane’s; the process of a man who starts off with complete faith in a system and gradually begins to question and doubt it to becoming what he detests but having gained a clearer understanding of why. As clichéd as it is, when he stops wearing his glasses to hide his face it’s shown that he’s more at peace with himself. Lastly there’s the two villains, now; remember when I said there were going to be major spoilers? Well, I’m about to drop one real soon. Shogo Makishima, the primary villain and criminal mastermind in this series makes for an amazing villain because he’s a definitive sociopath; he commits murder on numerous occasions but does not feel anything from them. As a result, his Psycho-Pass remains static and never escalates to a level that would warrant and law enforcement. He is a lot like Moriarty with Kogami being similar to Sherlock illustrates the premise of fate in this story. Is it coincidence that they should cross each other’s paths or has it been predetermined that their lives were building to the moment they would run across each other? In a lot of ways, he is also very similar to Joker from the Dark Knight or Akio from Revolutionary Girl Utena in that he not only seeks to corrupt individuals. His goal is to shake people’s faith in the Sibyl System by demonstrating how flawed it is. It is mentioned later in the series that if he’d been born at a different time he’d be a revolutionary. Although his goals are to “wake” people up, free their minds and allow for varying states of emotion and expression, his methodology is immoral and practically puts him in a position of playing “god” the same way the Sibyl System does. It’s interesting how he uses other people as pawns to do the dirty work the same way law enforcement uses enforcers. This brings me to the last villain of the series; the Sibyl System, the governing programing that regulates people’s lives, evaluates their mental health, dictates their career path. This system that people unquestionably trust is actually a collective intelligence that consists of an amalgamation of brains taken from society’s worst criminals. This is one of the big twists thrown in, but it doesn’t stop there; these brains also take turns inside of the police chief which is nothing more than a cybernetic android; a physical avatar if you want to connect the dots in this series. Basically, it’s what the internet avatar hijacking was setting up. At the end of the day, the Sibyl System is really not so different from any typical dictatorship that’s ruled by an elite few who will stop at nothing to retain their authority. This is able to occur simply because they’re capitalising on people’s dependency on technology. It’s mentioned on the series at one point where people value immediacy and convenience over safety; I would add to that personal freedom and agency, but also the burden of responsibility. Another concept that pops up is the nature and definition of good and evil; while Shogo Makishima and the Sibyl System are each called evil at a certain time in this story, their rebuttal is along the lines that good and evil are abstract ideas that can’t be quantified in any way. This reminds me much of Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith when Palpatine tells Anakin that good and evil are a point of view, an abstract concept pretty much. With the Sibyl System’s method of determining how “bad” someone is seems almost foolproof, someone as cruel and malicious Makishima is defined as a “good” citizen. This shows one of the obvious flaws in this so called “perfect” system. Lastly, I couldn’t help but notice some strong commonalities this anime shares with another top favorite of mine; Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood. This epiphany came to me once many of the secrets were revealed; the core of the Sibyl System is a lot like Father in that it’s hidden away in a “back door” and it has all these tubes running into it the same way Father does. The Sibyl System also controls the power law enforcement has much like how Father can control the nation’s alchemy and military force at will. Add to this the police chief is a lot like King Bradley in its role, although nowhere nearly as cool, edgy and strong as the King, but surely as ruthless and calculating. So overall, I thoroughly enjoyed this series at different levels, from just being straight up entertaining series, to presenting and discussing some ideas and concepts that lend themselves to critical analysis, whatever reason a person has to watch this series I would enthusiastically recommend to anyone. The thing is, with this analysis; I left a lot out because I wanted to shorten it, I would say to anyone who actually read this whole post; go watch Psycho-Pass and see what you get from watching it. 
 Last edited by Trypticon; 07-22-2014 at 12:18 AM. 
 
 I would've liked it more if the setting was more believable and the villian didn't suck as a character. So damn bland. 
 Originally Posted by j77k I would've liked it more if the setting was more believable and the villian didn't suck as a character. So damn bland. Bland? That's really funny and how did he suck as a character....Shogo was a brilliant villian. Probably on levels of Light Yagami. His entire thought process was so horrific that it made Light's ideals seem petty. Well the post was kind of TL;DR but I was able to read the vast majority of it. I loved your analysis and I kind of got some good insight, which made me think more of the underlying themes in the anime. WELL CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 2 IN OCTOBER...more mind games and fun. Sibyl System time to go to hell I say...The akano train shall stop your twisted ideals. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 A brief write up huh.... I think ill watch it after reading this, wait it's in my list as well. 
 Best Anime!!
 Originally Posted by Twigster Bland? That's really funny and how did he suck as a character....Shogo was a brilliant villian. Probably on levels of Light Yagami. His entire thought process was so horrific that it made Light's ideals seem petty. Well the post was kind of TL;DR but I was able to read the vast majority of it. I loved your analysis and I kind of got some good insight, which made me think more of the underlying themes in the anime. WELL CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 2 IN OCTOBER...more mind games and fun. Sibyl System time to go to hell I say...The akano train shall stop your twisted ideals. I see where both of you are coming from. But please Shogo is no where as terrifying as Light Yagami, IMO one of the most memorable characters developed in anime history. But anywhere your comment was so long I didn't feeling like ready it. But when I do I'll edit this comment. I can't wait for season 2. 
 
 Originally Posted by candidiva But please Shogo is no where as terrifying as Light Yagami, IMO one of the most memorable characters developed in anime history. I think light's a great villain, but I find the whole idea of Shogo corrupting people similar to the way characters like the Joker from The Dark Knight and Akio from Revolutionary Girl Utena do it somewhat more unsettling and more menacing. He and the story arc between him and the main characters is also compared to Moriarty and Sherlock from the Sherlock Holmes stories with some similar motifs. Light is more of a megalomaniac with a god complex and a magic book; a great villain no doubt, but I have to give this one to Shogo since his ambitions are less about playing god and more about proving a point. He is bent on demonstrating the flaws in a society by directly and implicitly forcing people to embrace their humanity even if it's the darker, more malicious side. There's even a scene when he's fighting another character with a god complex and I recall him saying; "I didn't know you could still be afraid of dying after becoming a god." Light's dialogue that stands out for me; "I take a potato chip; and eat it!" 
 Last edited by Trypticon; 08-06-2014 at 03:45 AM. 
 
 Originally Posted by Twigster Bland? That's really funny and how did he suck as a character....Shogo was a brilliant villian. Probably on levels of Light Yagami. His entire thought process was so horrific that it made Light's ideals seem petty. Well the post was kind of TL;DR but I was able to read the vast majority of it. I loved your analysis and I kind of got some good insight, which made me think more of the underlying themes in the anime. WELL CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 2 IN OCTOBER...more mind games and fun. Sibyl System time to go to hell I say...The akano train shall stop your twisted ideals. His entire 'personality' consisted of quoting famous philosiphers to then for no reason explain why said quotes apparently were super smart and intellectual. Stuff like this is the high point of pretentiousness. 
 I'm a fan of the write-up, but I have very different opinions about the series. One of my biggest gripes about it is the characters - I liked some of them, but overall, none of them were really memorable enough for me. The ending of S01 was decent enough, though. I agree with you about the plot and the universe, and I think those were some of the series' greatest strengths. Your comparison to Blade Runner isn't so far off, although I feel that Psycho-Pass was more forgettable compared to that. Unfortunately, there was really nothing more to it for me and I don't think I'm going to hang around for S02. But it was great reading what you thought about it, even if our opinions couldn't be any more different. 
