http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?142881-A4-s-Opinion-of-You
[General Discussion] A4's Opinion of You?
 What is A4's opinion of you? Whats the story behind your reputation, what do you like or dislike about it? A4 is a nice place to be in as long as you roll in the right circles, or none at all. There's actually a good deal of cyber bullying, harassment and random trash talking because someone expresses their own (biased, politically incorrect, ignorant) opinion - its as if, an individual's opinion is worthless. What I've come to know about A4 is that its community is driven by content and socialization. Posts are judged by basis of merit but posters are judged by basis of relationships. Custom user titles, signatures, and avatars also allow for greater expression of identity and blog entries give intimate insight to some of the more outspoken characters that grace this board. One way or another the A4 community builds a reputation for its users that scales proportionate to posts made on Anime and Non-anime sections, blog entries, profile friends, and LV posts. For better or worse these users acknowledge or modify their reputation, and that affects the dynamic of A4's community. In my time here I've noticed a lot of members leave or get banned but this isn't A4's fault or something I frown upon- its just there way of keeping the community fresh with interesting personalities or LV-whores, recently more of the former than the latter. Do you know A4's opinion of you? If you don't then you're probably new here. In which case we have a very low opinion of you. 
Currently listening to: SULK - End Time I wanna fade out. 
 I think A4 doesn't give a rats asS about me. That is what I seem toget anyway. I might be proven wrong. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 I hope this does not become A bashing thread. What is A4's opinion of you? Whats the story behind your reputation, what do you like or dislike about it? The red part can fit into the other thread which I'm sure you've seen Vess. XD Dunno what people think about myself personally, on this forum. Don't give A fckz much either as this is an anonymous anime message board. Wouldn't care in some other environment. There is very few people on this forum that I think have interesting opinions and personalities it seems, and I do appreciate their input whenever they post. That's what is interesting on the internet, you can meet people of different opinions from different countries, lifestyles, backrounds, ages etc. and have the opportunity to learn from another perspective. It's like that in real life, but in the internet it's much more accessible as far as quantity. Some people are completely fake altogether but they cannot hold on to such A persona for long unless they are truly dedicated to that. I'm pretty sure, there has been many users on this forum that I have pissed off, and some may dislike me but I have never been confronted by them. Probably cuz I could care really less. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 I'm actually not aware if I even have a reputation on A4 but it would be interesting to know what it is lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 I would say this is a hybrid thread of the "Are you famous/popular on A4" and the "Whats your opinion of A4" as I see it. For me words can not answer this question but those who have an opinion of me can certainly put theirs into words on my behalf. 
 Custom title says it all, really 

 I don't know. If I had to guess, I'd say my reputation is pretty low to non-existent. I don't post a huge amount, and don't particularly socialize much here. 
 Follow Me On The Twitter
 People probably see me as just an average new person. Possibly less since despite trying to be nice I tend to chew people out every now and then. At least I don't believe I can be one of the accused of dogmatically throwing out my opinion, or degrading others. but who knows, the way I perceive me and the way you perceive me could be night and day. 
 
 I am known on A4 for my rugged good looks, razor sharp wit, and incomparably enticing charm. 
 ♫ I always feel like somebody's watching me. ♫
 When I clicked I almost certainty thought it was a new member, hah. What i have noticed is that A4 generally puts a name to a face or rather a name to the posting, as it's proven by a few more-knowtable A4ers who have made an alternative account posing as people with no reputation whatsoever. I realize the point of this thread, but I just felt like throwing that in anyways lmfao. 
 Originally Posted by Denim Chicken I am known on A4 for my rugged good looks, razor sharp wit, and incomparably enticing charm. omg I like to think that once I was known as something but now I am not known and I LIKE IT THAT WAY. *goes back to lurking* oh and *notable ....and hi Vess, I didn't realize you were still around here. /ot 
 Are you a nerd? 
 Ian loves me and that's all I care. 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 Originally Posted by Lu The Great Space Pirate Ian loves me and that's all I care. Um, I love you too Lu. I got you those chairs and table you wanted. Rude. 
 Are you a nerd? 
 I'd rather contract Super Cancer than be labeled by A4 as anything in particular. The notion is unthinkable and makes my skin crawl. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Originally Posted by Lu The Great Space Pirate Ian loves me and that's all I care. No one loves you Ruru 
 Originally Posted by Denim Chicken I am known on A4 for my rugged good looks, razor sharp wit, and incomparably enticing charm. I see what you did there! lol. Haha, I don't think A4 has a very high opinion of me at all, but I don't care. You make a certain number of nice internet friends and the sociopaths and troll-like personalities don't matter anymore. I really love learning about different cultures through people from all over the world. The internet friends are nice to sit down and chat with for a couple of hours, joke and laugh about silly crap online, but there's nothing like going out and meeting the real life friends who know who you really are. Having said that, there are a few people online that I am friends with since way back, probably 9 or 10 years. They probably know as much about me as my real life friends and have been there when I needed someone to talk to at various times and vice versa. We form opinions on people based on how they post on the internet and sometimes those opinions are completely wrong. I've come to know some people through this site and others, amazing people, but their reputation may not be much or they might hide in a corner of the site away from everyone. I used to be a very popular member because I was nice to everyone, but that came with a lot of stupidity; a lot of idiotic pubescent fanboys and a few not so young morons sending me pictures of themselves and saying they liked me. Jaysus! It's nice the way it is now. I don't want to be popular or liked if that's what it brings. Some of the vets will remember that stupid crap lol. I am happy to say that A4 has grown up a lot since though, but sometimes a low profile is better, and avoid talking to the crazies at all costs. XD 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 What is this, the soviet Russia version of the your opinion of A4? I think A4's opinion of me is quite good. I am one of those posters I get a lot of friend requests and VM's from people I don't know. It seems like people are genuinely interested in knowing about me, and I think that's pretty cool. 

 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple I see what you did there! lol. Haha, I don't think A4 has a very high opinion of me at all, but I don't care. You make a certain number of nice internet friends and the sociopaths and troll-like personalities don't matter anymore. I really love learning about different cultures through people from all over the world. The internet friends are nice to sit down and chat with for a couple of hours, joke and laugh about silly crap online, but there's nothing like going out and meeting the real life friends who know who you really are. Having said that, there are a few people online that I am friends with since way back, probably 9 or 10 years. They probably know as much about me as my real life friends and have been there when I needed someone to talk to at various times and vice versa. We form opinions on people based on how they post on the internet and sometimes those opinions are completely wrong. I've come to know some people through this site and others, amazing people, but their reputation may not be much or they might hide in a corner of the site away from everyone. I used to be a very popular member because I was nice to everyone, but that came with a lot of stupidity; a lot of idiotic pubescent fanboys and a few not so young morons sending me pictures of themselves and saying they liked me. Jaysus! It's nice the way it is now. I don't want to be popular or liked if that's what it brings. Some of the vets will remember that stupid crap lol. I am happy to say that A4 has grown up a lot since though, but sometimes a low profile is better, and avoid talking to the crazies at all costs. XD Talk dirty to me and I'll love you forever JK Overall: 80% of people hate/dislike me,(for those who don't want to use such STRONG language, meow) 15% tolerate/don't care me, and 5% like me. . Mostly people like to spam the hell outta my blog posts and talk about pen15.... 

 Originally Posted by Genesis Rhapsodos Mostly people like to spam the hell outta my blog posts and talk about pen15.... Everyone gets their blog posts spammed. You're nothing special/diminutive... 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 Reputation eh? Can't really say that I have a rep outside the Role Players Realm. But as that goes right now no I do not have one. But i know I had a bit of a following back around when I first joined A4. How the times change. The people that I use to rp with either don't visit A4 any longer, or they have schooling/work that I would say is more important. So as it stands I do not know how my reputation is around here on A4. The rest of the Forum its like I am not here, and in the realm it's back to when I first got here. Totalchaos 
 ***IF you ever need to reach me contact me here*** Lost Child ~ 02/23/2012An angel in the book of life wrote down my baby's birth. Then whispered as she closed the book "too beautiful for earth" ~author unknown 
 Originally Posted by Cammy Um, I love you too Lu. I got you those chairs and table you wanted. Rude. You committed high treason! I will only forgive you under the condition that you obtain more tiny little cute as **** chairs for me! 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 Everyone loves me. I'm probably the best user with under 1k posts. Definitely the best Veteran and definitely the best looking. Holla. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 A4 still hates me right? well everyone but struggler who is my waifu. 
 Originally Posted by Shannon Apple Haha, I don't think A4 has a very high opinion of me at all, but I don't care. I like you, Shannon, and that's all that matters. ::high five:: Note: not sending pictures. I've had two hate accounts dedicated to me, which seem to have been deleted, which is kind of sad, but not really, because whatevs. I'd say that means I win, but I'm pretty sure there are others with "better" "records". 
 Well there will always be that one as s hole who hates you for who you are or seem like their life is so down in the pits that they need to judge you to make them feel better - that's how I think A4 sees me - you either hate me or like me and vice versa from me; I will return my opinion based on your actions towards me For now, I'm a bit hidden in the shadows but if I'm going to be opinion-ed by A4 - that would be better than getting an opinion from MAL - then I could care less 
