http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?131356-Heart-Wrenching-Romance-Drama-Tragedy-Anime/page2
 Heart Wrenching Romance/Drama/Tragedy Anime? - Page 2
 both H2O and Myself;Yourself were amazing. I recommend them, too! 
 "Tokyo Magnitude 8.0", "Now and Then, Here and There", and "Bokurano". Try those on for size. Tokyo Magnitude is more heartwarming, Now and Then is more traumatizing, Bokurano is more depressing. I wouldn't say any of them are romance but they are definitely drama/tragedy. If you want something with a little more romance try "Code Geass". 
 Originally Posted by setsunalunar KIKAIDER ;~; Idk if many people know this anime but wow...this anime made me cry like a lil ~female dog~ xD I'mma throw my two cents in and just say that this is one of those series that should be seen no matter the kind of series you're looking for. As for the OP... I recommend Samurai X 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 So many animes are sad and heart touching , but i never cried so much when i watched Rainbow Nisha Rokubou no Shichinin i think 9x seriously ,based on a real story situated after the WW2 in Japan (in my eyes better as Clannad , nah Clannad is crap compared to it) but people recommend only anime they saw. 
 
 Mysterious GF X. Steins; Gate kinda has a love crazy thing going on. 

 From what I've seen, Clannad, Anohana and Grave of the FireFlies. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Definitely Ef: A tale of memories and Ef: A tale of melodies, I'm surprised these haven't been mentioned yet, it's extremely heart-wrenching, especially the later episodes. You should also consider Kimi Ga Nozomu Eien. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 Originally Posted by Zainox Grave of the FireFlies. Saddest anime ever. 
Should've opted out just before the point of ejaculation b1tch. ~ Snap 
 ano natsu de matteru! 
 For me, I loved Hanbun no Tsuki ga Noboru Sora. It's only 6 episodes, but what they pack into those episodes blows away many 12 episode series. It has just about everything a Romance Anime lover needs! A synopisis: Yuichi is a teenage boy who was diagnosed with hepatitis; and as staying at the hospital is boring, he often sneaks out at night to hang out with his friends. However, each time he is caught by the slightly sadistic nurse Akiko, he just prolongs his stay at the hospital. After his most recent escape, instead of striking a punch or kick at Yuichi, Akiko says that she'll overlook his sneak outs if he becomes friends with 17-year-old Rika, another hospital resident. Rika doesn't open up to him at first, but she has her reasons: she has a weak heart; and though she may come off as selfish and rude, Yuichi looks beyond the surface to help both of them enjoy what life has to offer. Another I loved was a series called Sola. It also a great watch many have overlooked. Synopsis: Morimiya Yorito is a normal student who has an abnormal obsession for the sky. One day, he meets a strange girl named Shihou Matsuri who shares his interest, but as fate may have it, she isn't a human; Matsuri is a Yaka -- a "woe of the night" -- who is immortal and cannot stand the sunlight. A strange man is chasing Matsuri, to use her powers, so Yorito decides to help her hide. What are the strange man's plans, and what secrets does Yorito's sister hide? One last one, called I's Pure, is another 6 episode anime that packs a lot into such a small package! Plot Summary: Seto Ichitaka has a crush on Yoshizuki Iori, a girl in his class who has become so popular she now has her own fan club at school. But only a miracle could make him be with her, since the day he first saw Iori-chan, Ichitaka has been too shy to even talk to her. This miracle happened and now he and Iori are working together on the Freshmen Welcoming Party. It seems that things start to look bright for Seto, but then a special childhood friend is coming for visit... I hope you get a chance to check these out! I loved them all, I hope you do too! 
 "I hope it Becomes Popular, What? Senjougahara Fascination." Click Here to See MyAnimeList 
 Angel beats and clannad are the best when it comes to tragedy and romance 
 Chrono Crusade. Because it gives you a great comedy/action series for so long, then just nails you with tragedy after tragedy when you don't expect it. 
 Psycho Pass isn't very romantic, but it does nail in some tragedy in the later half. Try the Tokyo Babylon manga, it may not be quite what you're looking for in a romance, but it is pretty tragic. Mawaru Penguindrum, definitely, fits the bill well. And maybe read Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle- it wanders a bit, but in the end it has those themes you're looking for. 

 Have you seen eureka seven? While there is a lot of action and mecha going on, there is a deep love story involved and had me feeling quite emotional when i saw it 
Anime Listtttttttt http://myanimelist.net/animelist/CruelAngelsFeces 
