http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?150254-A4-Profiles-v3-0-Tell-us-about-yourself!/page3
 A4 Profiles v3.0 - Tell us about yourself! - Page 3
 I was gonna post an update to my profile for the hell of it, then I realised that after 2 years and 20 pages, it's time for a new one. Even if you posted in the previous versions, go ahead and post in this one if you want. Copy paste the form below (or add your own, it's just a guide) Name: Age: Location: Hair/Eye color: Height/Weight (If you want): Status (Whatever this means): Occupation: Interests: Hobbies: Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Any other biographical information you care to share: ___________ Going to post my own here: Name: Shannon (Well on A4 anyway) Age: 31 Location: Ireland Hair/Eye color: Dark Brown/Blue Height: 5'8 Status (Whatever this means): Dodging creepers Occupation: Graphic and Multimedia Designer Interests: Musicals, Designing things (obviously), Landscape painting. Hobbies: Gaming, Acting in musicals... aftershow parties and madness ftw. OH and using my banhammer on unhinged people. :3 Favorites (Of anything - music, movies, TV, etc): Music, I listen to rock, symphonic/power metal, classical and a lot of other genres, except rap. Favourite movies. Original Star Wars Trilogy, LotR, Avatar. I don't watch a lot of TV, so dunno anymore. XD Any other biographical information you care to share: Been a mod on here for too long, something like 5 years... dang. As I said above, I don't have red hair. (I did finally post in LV to crush that one. Mwuhaha!) I don't drink excessively, I don't like Guinness, I don't throw petrol bombs, I don't wear green all the time, I don't like potatoes, I am not a fan of diddly-ah music and freck all politicians, they're morons. Also, I keep people in my closet... It's been vacant for a while since KT moved out. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 08-29-2013 at 12:18 PM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
