http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?131041-Glass-Academy-for-Inhuman-Beings
[IC] Glass Academy for Inhuman Beings
 An alarm clock in the north wing of the school began blaring classical music. Julie blindly smashed down the snooze button, breaking her metal alarm clock with her enhanced strength. She groaned. Looking at the potted plants in her room, she threw her arms up, and large vines began to grow. One of them went towards her closet, and came back out with a beautiful peach dress with tea-roses all over it. It's waist was cinched, and from there to her knees flowed out in endless ruffles. The sleeves were short, and open over her underarms. The vampire dressed quickly, and trekked into the bathroom to find her pesky shoes. They had a way of hiding. The vines in the main room shrunk back into their pots. Julie found her shoes in front of the bathtub, and put on the red-velvet high heels. Her heels clicked at she made her way to the sink, to brush her teeth and tame her wavy hair. She put on a necklace, which was a small, glass, teardrop shaped jar. In it was some dirt and a few seeds. Happy with the way she looked, Julie walked into the main room again, grabbed her stylish briefcase, and opened the door. She slid into the hallway, her heels clicking on the expensive tile. Once exciting the wing, she ended up in the heart of the building, which was already bustling with students. She settled onto a bench, her briefcase beside her. She had to wait for Cate, and the new cafe server student. Maybe she could get Caitlin into the kitchen as well. Cate jumped from her bed, practically sprinting across the room to get to her closet. She ripped out a pair of red skinny jeans, and a black shirt with some band name and their album cover scribbled on the front. She dressed even more quickly, shoving her feet into a pair of black converse high tops, and running across the room again to her bathroom. She brushed her teeth and ran her brush through her silky hair, and put on a bit of eyeliner and blush. She grabbed her backpack, which was settled in front of her door to her closet. She flung the black and yellow thing over her shoulder, and partnered down the stairs. She ended up on the ground floor, and sprinted through the large hallway that led to the heart of the building. She turned around, unable to see over anyone. She knew that Juliana was there, but she just couldn't find her. 
 Raphael awoke as he usually did, With the sun in his eyes. Squinting in an attempt to blockout some of the light he eventually gave up, sighing Raphael got out of bed it had been a late night last night teaching the late classes, And here he was again up to teach the classes that were within normal human hours. Streaching his shiny black wings out he quickly changed into his usual black pants and a button up shirt, today the shirt was white. He quickly shaved the newly grown stubble from his face and brushed his teeth ready for another day of doing what he loved, teaching history. He walked out of his room, and out of the northern wing where the staff reside to the school where the students were already bustling about ready for classes to begin. On his way to his office he noticed Juliana the Headmaster for the school, sitting on a bench waiting for the new cafe girl to arrive. "Morning Julie, Your looking lovely as ever on this fine morning." Raphael said leaning over the back of the seat next to her. 
 Julie looked up. "Hmm? Ah, thank you." She looked down. Rozas and Cate had to get their soon. They would be deemed late if they didn't. Juliana scooted over, laying her briefcase of her lap. "Shouldn't you be getting to your classroom? Class begins in less then ten minutes." she said, sighing impatiently. 
 Last edited by Kalbells; 07-31-2012 at 08:31 AM. 
 Beep! beep! beep! The alarm screamed which startled a small boy who leaped from his bed which he had been curled up cling to his pillow just moments before. The boy suddenly had brown cat ears and tail as he held onto the ceiling fan tightly. " Morning all ready?" A small voice said as he yawned and rubbed his eyes with one hand. He then let go of the fan dropping down onto his rather large king size bed. Opening his eyes his clear orange cat like eyes squinted at the bright light of the morning sun. The boy then looked at the clock. " Oh no I over slept I am going to be late." he said as he ran to his large closet that made him appear smaller then he already was. The boy then picked out one of the few outfits the orphanage had bought him as a gift for going to the school. " Hmm this looks good." He said as he put on a pear of tan pants and an orange shirt. He then ran to the bathroom and brushed his teeth and combed his silky short brown hair before running out of his room only to have to run back to grab his backpack and his book. He then ran out again locking his door and putting the key away in his pocket. " I just cant be late!" He shouted in her timid and rather cute voice. The boy still forgot that his ears and tail and even his fangs were showing as he ran down the hall and out the door almost slipping and falling as he made it to the bench where the others were sitting. Bowing the boy tried to catch his breath. " Sorry...if I am late....alarm went off late." after a few moments he caught his breath and sat down with the others holding his book close and his bag on his back. As he sat on the bench he smiled at the others that were there his ears twitching at all the sounds that were around and his tail swaying side to side as he eagerly waited for their replies. 
 Grevor awoke to the smell of incense. The sweetish smell was faded but present. Moving his stiff body, Grevor slowly rose from the ancient stone flooring. Cracking joints as he wiped the pentagram off the floor. He took off the ridiculous robe. The unnaturally dark room was only lit by a crack in the ceiling. It let in a pillar of light, shadowing the face of Grevor. He raised his hands high and let out an incantation. A large tattoo on his back ignited a red. Grevor instantly felt refreshed. His ritual was used to vacuum in wandering souls to harvest. His only real source of reliable hell energy. Besides others that were more extreme and involved a partner. He waved off the thought. "This is the safest. And i should get back to the academy." Opening the stone slab door. Grevor breathed in the fresh air. His nose filtered the chemicals and he recognized the smell of students. Multitudes of them. Taking off the robe, he lit it with a magical fire. Burning it to ashes and walking to the school. He went to his class room, prepping for the next class. The stone room was used and magically reinforced to sustain magical and physical damage. This room was where students learned to harness and increase their powers. Grevor sorted different alchemy supplies into plastic canisters. He awaited the feast before late classes started. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Early in the morning before most everyone else would wake up, Memphis starred at the ceiling about the intricate square patterns of plaster. He looked over to the blue glow of the clock on the night stand, reading 5:01a.m. Leaning up he walked over to the closet to chose the next outfit down the line, not worrying himself about the silliness of being dressed up as if there was some sort of special event that day. Choosing only a dark polo blue shirt and some jeans, he dressed for the day. He combed his hair and readjusted his glasses in the mirror of the bathroom before he left the room out and headed for the library before classes even began. The halls were still dark as a little light filtered through the windows. At the Library, Memphis reached out for a pile of book he had laid out the night before, untouched by the Liberians he began to read through them. Finishing one of them by the time the sun had risen over the horizon and filled the room with light. Memphis put down the book, and replaced back onto the shelf from which it came and walked out of the library, leaving the pile of other books on the table. Down the better lit halls, Memphis walked to the class that was to begin that morning. 
  Spoiler 
 Julie looked straight ahead. "You my dear cat, get to miss class today. As well as the female server, who I have yet to meet. I'll have to think about letting Cate transfer to full class weekends. That's where you take early and late class Saturdays and Sundays to be able to have a completely free week. This is the first year I'm offering this to everyone. Are you in?" She asked, standing up. Cate ran forward, into Julie's arms. "Hiya!" She giggled, pulling back. She looked over at Rozas and waved. She had a small smile on her face. "Juliana, do I get to miss class?" Julue tilted her head. "How on earth did you hear that?" Cate stopped and stammered, "I-I was here. Yup, I was!" She sheepishly grinned. Julie rolled her eyes. "Fine. But you are required to do full class weekends. And help in the cafe with dinner during the week." Cate sighed. "Fine." 
 Fallen The loud obnoxious noise ringed from Fallens alarm clock causing him to slip off his queen sized bed and hit his head on the bedside table *THUMP*. Rubbing his head with his left hand he pushed himself up with is right, "I seriously despise these things" muttering to himself he turned off his silver framed alarm and look back at two empty beds. Sighing and shaking his head he looked through his closet, "Looks like the other guy already got up". He turned back towards his clothes, his hand reached out and pulled out a medium sized black t-shirt along with denim jeans that held onto his body right, He walked over to his dresser and pulled out a pair of black socks slipping them on along with a blue and black checkered vans shoes. Fallen walked over to the mirror squeezing toothpaste onto his toothbrush and shoved it into his mouth going back and forth with it. Spitting out the remaining toothpaste Fallen walked over to his side table and grabbed his pendant necklace with the names of his family engraved on the back of the oval shapped pendant, along with slipping on a couple rings that held inside his items of what he needed for school, he has mastered the spells of making things small and placing them inside other things. He brushed his blood red shoulder length hair out with a comb letting the feeling of baby soft hair fall upon his face. Fallen then walked out locking the door behind him and down the halls looking at all the portraits around him and the details of their faces. Krys "Lonely Mountains and Tragic Spells, Forbidden potions from haunted wells, seas of stardust light years apart, fields of dragons that will rip your heart" Krys voice floated as she brushed her long black and straight hair down, her hair felt like ribbons silk and shined like no other, she had already brushed her teeth~ her breath fresh like the top of a snow covered mountain. Searching her cabinet she plucked out her make up and opened a few cases. She nicely placed on a white and black eyeshadow giving her the look of smokey eye, her black eyeliner was placed on to give a dark charcoal effect and little white sparkly dust was placed around making her eyes shine against the black mascara, "I faced them all and I survived, to get right here, as you arrived" Krys's melody of her singing glided her towards her large walk in closet. She had already chosen her outfit for today late the night before, she slipped into a white short dress with see-through sleeves that fall upon the sides of her arms, a black corset held this dress together along with the little black ruffles on the sleeves and at the end of the dress. Krys's hair fell perfectly along the dress as she clipped together her black choker with a opal gem that fell upon the middle. Slipping two rings that Fallen had given her to put her stuff hidden inside Krys searched for her shoes. Coming up across white flats with black gems around them, she tied the black ribbons from her shoes up to her knees in criss cross on top of eachother. Krys took her exit as she continued to sing down the halls, "And when I heard your voice and song, I knew that you and I belong" ~Hmm I need to meet with Ms.LeCrew, her black eyes scanned the halls until she came along and adult and a girl who looked near her age, "Excuse me do you know where Ms.LeCrew is, I need to meet with her and a boy according to what I was told on the sheet for my cafe student job" the womans shoulder-length, wavy, auburn hair fell upon her shoulders along with her freckled face. Only Krys didn't know this was Julie LeCrew. 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 " So I only go to school on weekends and I go to both night and day classes. Which frees me to work in the cafe during the week correct?" Rozas smiled his eyes showing off how kind he truly was as he wrote down his schedule on a sheet of paper that he took out from his large book. " Sounds fine to me ma'am. " He spoke with his low voice. After a moment he finally realized his ears and tail were out and his face turned bright red. " Oh no..." he said quietly as his ears twitched before vanishing along with his tail and fangs. " I am so dense..." he said frustrated that he had transformed into his half form once again without realizing. 
 Julie turned to Krys. "Ah, I'm Ms. LaCrew, you may call me Julie or Juliana." She smiled. Looking over at Rozas, she said. "This is my crew for the cafe. Hmm. Splendid!" She clapped her hands together and started walking towards the office building, pushing open the glass door to outisde. She gestured for everyone to follow. Cate followed obediently, smiling. She leaned over to Rozas and whispered, "I think your half form is adorable." She giggled then skipped to catch up with Julie. 
 Raphael chuckled "Yeah I proberbly should, see you later Julie." He said Continue walking to his office to get his things for the next class. As he walked in to his office he sighed knowing his class plan was somewhere under that pile of papers. Staring at it for a moment he eventually just began searching the entire desk for his class plan. after about 5 minutes of searching throught the huge amounts of paper he finally found it. Then glancing at the clock in his office he saw that if he didn't hurry now he was going to be late for his class, "Better get going them." He said to himself smiling as he took of toward his class. 
 Felian watched the morning pass by her as she drank a cup of coffee, no cream or sugar just the way she liked it. Scrolling to her closet and pulled a pair of blue jeans and a black long sleeved shirt, quickly changing as her alarm clock started to blare. It was time for her to head to the class rooms and get everything prepared for the days lessons. On her way to the door she grabs a bag filled with cookies and starts to make her way to the main hall. Rushing past students and other teachers, all of which seemed to have a one track mind like her at the moment. Looking ahead she spotted the Head Mistresses as she spoke to a few other students. As she approached she called out, "Well good morning boss lady and how are you tomorrow." She spotted the young man as he quickly hid is cat side. "And who is this little cutie with you and Cate this morning?" 
Why do feeders exist in MOBA's... Why can't they all die? 
 Krys The boy had lost his fuzzy fur and started to follow the other three. Each of their names were Krys, Julie, Cate, and Rozas. The boy caught Krys's midnight black eye, he seemed to be a bit of the shy type so she just smiled sweetly at him trying to show she was kind and thought he was pretty cool. "I think your half form is adorable" the blond girl whispered to the brownish orange haired boy, Cate happily and giggily skipped up to Julie. ~Well it is clear she is a big flirt~ Krys eyes transferred from Cate and over to Rozas, "So your name is Rozas like the flower? That is unique and cool I really like it. I have to say you sure have a great talent. I used to have cat until I moved in with two friends of mine." She kind tilted her body and looked straight at Rozas, her smile grew and her eyes sparkled with her makeup on, "I am Krys it is a pleasure to meet you," she blushed a bit as she was being friendly with this new boy. ~He is really adorable and seems sweet~ 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Julie raised a finger to her lips. She walked outside, the sun filtering through her auburn hair. She raised one arm, palm side up, and large trees began to grow on either side of the sidewalk. She walked into the dining building, walking into a large parlor with snack machines, and comfy couches. She sat down on a couch, and propped up her feet. She slipped off her heels. Cate sat on the floor, with her back against the wall. She sighed, blinking and tilting her head. "Krys, come sit by me!" She called, shaking her wavy hair so it fell in front of her face. She grinned. 
 Rozas was confused as he received so many compliments about how cute he was. " My name is Rozas ma'am." The small teen smiled and bowed out of respect. " I thank you all for the compliments." He added as he then watched the others follow the headmaster. Rozas turned to the woman and bowed again. " Please excuse me ma'am" He spoke quietly and gentle as he then ran off to catch up with the other cafe workers and the head master. Once he got to the dining hall he stood while they others sat down. " Do we get to choose our job in the cafe or will you assign us one?" He asked nervously his ears appearing once again and twitching. " I learned to cook from the nuns at the orphanage though I can do many other things and will to learn any job you wish me to do. " The boy tried to speak up about his skills while trying not to gloat about them. He didnt want to out do any of the other students or workers. 
 Krys Letting of a shy and yet cute smile to Rozas Krys walked along with the others. "Krys, come sit by me!" Walking over and taking a seat next to Cate Krys, her blonde hair had fallen in front of her eyes ~She is probably trying to be cute~ all of a sudden a flash back came to mind, -only two months ago- Krys was reading a manga about a romantic couple and a girl who wanted the boy, entering the door was Fallen all wet and shiny from his shower. Grabbing the manga that Krys was reading he just grinned and shook his head, "No guy want's a girl who is all cutesy when she forces it or trying to cheat by gain, you must be honest and show who you truly are not make yourself some want to be princess." He laughed at the book as he placed it back into Krys hands and walked out of the room-only two months ago- The flashbook made a shiver strike down Krys spine as she muttered to herself, "I don't want to force to be cute I want to be myself" she looked over at Cate and smile ~at least she is trying also but I hope I can see Rozas's true self and I won't force it on him~ looking back up to the Head Mistress Krys kept her ears wide open and kept her mind clear of the drama. 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Raphael walked into the class room, which surprisingly was still fairly empty only a few students had turned up so far. So he sat down at his desk, leaning back on his chair waiting for the rest of his class to turn up, it was a slow morning to a new day. Raphael being tired from the night befores classes struggled to stay awake waiting for more to turn up so he could begin teaching his class. 
 Heading into the cafeteria she made sure to stay clear of the Head Mistress and her little group this morning, although her thoughts kept drifting to the young man that appeared to have some cat features. Shaking her head of the thoughts for the moment as she filled her thermos with tea. Looking at her watch she realized the time and knew she was going to have to run to make it before everyone. Stopping by the Head Mistress, "Well good day to you all and I look forward to seeing you all for your classes today." And with that she sprinted off down the hallway to the classroom, she entered only to find a few students there already. Placing her bag along with her tea and cookies on her desk, she began getting everything ready for the days lessons. 
Why do feeders exist in MOBA's... Why can't they all die? 
 Hearing Krys' comment, she snapped her head up. Only someone with an enhanced mental capacity built for bending an element could hear it. Instantly, she regretted that move. "I uh... Gotta go!" She sprang up and started running out. Julie caught Cate's arm. "Where are you going?" She asked. Cate looked down. "I... I just need some air." Instantly, Julie let go of her adopted daughters arm. "If you must." She muttered. Cate ran outside, and ducked behind some bushes. She was hunched on her hands and knees, pounding at the muddy ground. She began to cry. "I blew it. She knows. She'll tell every one that I'm not as I seem." 
 Ending his walk through the halls, Memphis ended at the door of his class, history. He opened the door and walked in. There were only a hand few of other students in the class, and the teacher was also here sitting at his desk. Paying no mind to any one, Memphis walked down the middle asile between the desks taking a seat in a chair in the second row. He opened the messenger style book bag he had with him and placed a text book in the center of his desk. He looked forward tot he front waiting for the class to begin. 
  Spoiler 
 Krys Watching as Cate ran away she stood up and got ready to run after her, but then she looked at Julies face. ~I don't think she will let another one of us go~ taking a few steps back against the wall Krys put her head down, "She had to think about something" Krys spoke as her smile was now gone. She knew she didn't do anything to hurt her she was being polite and told Cate she knew. ~I am not the type of person to tell Cate~ Putting her head back up she waited for directions on what to do. Fallen As his footsteps followed him down the hall Fallen looked up to see long blonde hair flying above a girls ivory skin. The girl was running, ~she is about to bawl~ shaking his head Fallen then followed along with the girl who lead him outside. "I blew it. She knows. She'll tell every one that I'm not as I seem." The girl was pounding her fists against mud and tears were sliding down her face. Pointing to the mud Fallen transferred it from the liquid into hard dirt, fresh green grass, and flowers such as daises and roses began to grow. Stepping around the girl and on the other side of the flowers he got down in a scrunch. His blood red shoulder length hair and bangs fell upon his eyes as he gave the girl a grin, "If someone was to tell everyone something special about you then it would make them the villain, they might be kind enough to keep quite. Don't worry what others think anyways just be who you are" Pointing at the girls muddy hands he made water come from no wear to clean them up.~Hands are a bit wet now~ he shook his head and then made a little wind blow as it dried the young ladies hands and their hair blew gracefully to the east. Reaching out to her Fallen wiped away her tears, "There look now all you need is a smile and you will be set" he said as he stood back up and faced the girl. 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Cate lunged backwards. "I'm.... I'm Cate." She muttered. "And... I'm supposed to be the human..." She looked down, and rain slowly began to fall. She raised a palm upwards, and a soft breeze blew. "Only I'm not. And no one can know that." Julie gazed over at everyone. "I'm guessing you all are bored? You both may set the tables. If you would like to go do anything else you may, as long as you are back in 30 minutes." She looked down. Her shoes were slumped lazily on the floor, red velvet against dark hardwood. She smiled at the beauty. 
 Krys ~I will talk to her later~ Krys walked over to the tables and started to place silverware and napkins across them, she glanced over at Rozas, "Hey wanna help putting the centerpieces and welcoming letters on the table?" Krys spoke sweetly. Trying to think of a way to cheer up Cate she just continued fixing up the tables. Fallen His eyes meeting Cate's Fallen just grinned, "Listen Cate, I came to help you not to harm you. I would ask you to please be reasonable" he stood still as the rain hit his body ~And here I enjoyed being dry~. He then took a step foward, "It doesn't matter what you are Cate, don't worry I know another girl that has a gift at this school. Even she doesn't know about her gift though and yet you do. Demon, witch, shapeshifter, vampire, angel, fairy why does it matter what you are no body will change their mind about you. You are the same girl I just tried to help six seconds ago don't try to change that" ~Another girl with more than one disguise very nice, look what I got myself into~ 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
 Cate put her hand down, the rain stopping instantly. The sun blazed. "I'm sorry. I just... I have deceived everyone. And now I'm not going to do that anymore!" She yelped, grabbing his hand and pulling him inside. She stepped into the cafe. "I have an announcement." Julie stood up, and walked towards Cate. She stopped halfway. "And what is that?" Cate looked straight into Julie's eyes and peeped, "I'm not human. I'm an atmokinetic. Move my dorm. Give me detention. Whatever." Julie turned back around. "Your new dorm mate with be Krys. Have fun. I shall train you later on." she walked back into the parlor. 
 Fallen As Cate pulled him inside the Cafe he listened to everyword she spoke, "Your new dorm mate with be Krys. Have fun. I shall train you later on." Fallens eyes opened wide... ~dang she is here~ his eyes now met with Krys, he looked at the headmistress and then at Cate, "How lovely, Cate I suggest you never get on Krys bad side in anyway. Nothing good happens from her mood flashes" He muttered to her as he looked at Krys coldly "Also do not let her sleep before one in the morning, make sure she stays awake till then" Krys "And that explains everything" Krys whispered to herself and smiled ~and here comes a new dorm mate.... perfect.~ ignoring Fallens stares she continued to decorate the table, ~I don't remember ever hurting him at all~ Fallen He then turned his eyes over to the other young boy and smiled in all intentions of still being straight Fallen noticed with how cute the boy was, ~ahh I see, this boy is up for wonders of fun~ even though Fallen was handsome he knew cute wins the girls heart first. 
If we make it back to the real world. I’ll find you again. And fall in love with you again.~Asuna, SAO "Let’s accept each other’s weak points; love that touches one another is invincible; we who bloom are the protagonists" ~Tamaki, OHSHC' Thanks so Much to Takera for the siggy! 
