http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141888-Out-of-all-these-animes-which-should-I-start-watching-first
 Out of all these animes, which should I start watching first?
 Madoka Magica Kore wa zombie desu ka Naraku No Hana high school dxd Toradora! Umineko No Naku Koro Ni 
Animes Watched: 47 Animes Currently Watching: Panty and Stocking w/ Garterbelt, Loveless, Hell Girl
 It really depends on what kind of anime you are wanting to watch, but I would watch Kore wa Zombie Desu Ka?, Madoka Magica, and then Toradora!. I haven't seen the other ones, I couldn't tell you when to watch them. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 I would say that it depends on what kind of genre you would prefer starting with. If you feel like some magic, hard thinking, mystery and blood then I would say Umineko. If you want something really silly at the moment then start with Kore wa Zombie desu ka. If you want magical girl then Madoka wa Magica. School comedy then Toradora. I myself would probably start off with Toradora for some light humor, then maybe do umineko for some more seriousness and then go on with kore wa zombie desuka to light up the mood and then maybe Madoka. I haven't seen the other two so I don't know about them. 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Well, I personally would go for Highschool DxD, as it's the best out of your list and a really good anime overall. Also, the new season is coming out this July; "Highschool DxD New". So if you like the first season then you can just move onto the second soon. 
 I really don't like making decision's for people because i'm horrible at it.... but personal i'll go for madoka magica 

 It really is dependent on what type of genre you're looking for. The list.. spans many, with few similarities. From the ones I've seen, I'll try to give a brief description of. Kore wa zombie desu ka- This is a genderbender comedy with action and adventure included. The characters are interesting, and have very creative personalies. high school dxd- I've only seen a few episodes of this, but it's more of an ecchi/hentai comedy with a slightly dark look. It has action and adventure in it as well, but is mainly focused on the comedy and ecchi. The titles given to the characters are interesting, at least for me.. for example, rook. It takes the names of chess pieces as the titles. Kind of like Marchen Awakens Romance(MAR). Toradora!- Lolicon.. serious lolicon. xD It's an extremely halarious anime, which even if you don't watch first.. I seriously recommend. It is a romance comedy featuring a rather interesting couple. I don't know what to say about this one, without ruining the story. Umineko No Naku Koro Ni- A really good anime, if you enjoy psychological horrors. It has a lot different character types in it, and a majority are very entertaining. Most end up dying though, in a severely gory manner... so, if you don't like that.. I'd advise against watching it. The deaths of the characters.. are very unique. While the anime's main character is more of realist detective who refuses to believe in myths, legends, or any supernatural presence/occurrence... even though, the main antagonist is a witch. If you finish watching it, you'll be left with a lot of questions. The ending.. doesn't even come close to answering all the questions, and even gives you more. You'll have to play the game to find out, which is most likely the reasoning behind this. Anyways, sorry if the descriptions weren't very good. I'm not exactly the best at details. 
"Our flesh, our blood, our bones, and our souls shall come together in harmony! Brave soldiers who reign death upon the tower of dreams, come forth! The enemies' corpses shall pile to the gates of heaven, itself!" 
 Kore wa Zombie desu ka? and Toradora both awesome series, When they cry is also uniqe if you are into horror genre. 
 
 Toradora! An awesome slice of life type deal anime going on here. You should watch this anime first it would be a great start to you're anime watching future. 
