http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?130544-Help-A4-Throw-the-Biggest-Birthday-Party-Ever!
[Event] Help A4 Throw the Biggest Birthday Party Ever!
 Help us celebrate A4's 10th Birthday Party! So here's the deal, guys and gals. August marks A4's 10th year on the internet and to celebrate that, we want to throw the biggest, most awesome A4 birthday bash ever. Not a lot of sites make it to ten years, and A4's longevity is a testament to the strong community we've had throughout the years and you guys are all a part of that and a part of making this happen, so we want to do something special throughout the entire month of August, but in order to do that, we need your help! So what's going to happen? We're trying to make the entire month of August full of events, competitions, giveaways, and more. We are talking a nonstop, month-long party every single day, so awesome that your head explodes, then all the individual pieces explode infinitely more times until they spontaneously reform, and then your head explodes again. This needs to be the forum celebration to end all forum celebrations, so that next year we can tell all the new 2013'ers that they missed out on it and should be ashamed for not joining sooner. Where you come in: We need two things from you folks to help make this a success. While we have a number of things planned on our side, we just don't have the manpower to do it all alone. So that means from you we need: 1. Ideas for events and competitions and things that you want to see happen in August. Even if you just have a general concept but don't quite know the execution, suggest it anyway! In this thread we've got a couple of weeks to let ideas grow organically and even something that might not sound doable at first can be molded into a beautiful, newborn baby event that you can see grow up! Or something. So post away here, discuss current ideas, etc. 2. Volunteers to help us run the events, contests, and everything else. If you see an event or two in this thread you wanna be in charge of running or help out with, or if you just wanna do an idea you came up with entirely on your own that you think the community would like, shoot me a PM letting me know and we can try and get it all organized and get you set up with a staff member who will help you set up any things you can't set up on your own (But shhhh, don't tell them they just were volunteered for this! They don't know!). While I'm always a huge proponent of members doing events without staff intervention, and also usually a fan of hiding events until the last minute, in this case we want to work transparently and directly with you guys so that we can come up with an organized calendar of stuff going on and also get the proper promotion out there so members of the community will participate. This thing needs to be big. Also, if you have an idea that for some reason you wanna keep secret until the celebration begins, or you don't wanna post it here for some other reason, just shoot me a PM with those and we'll try to work them out, too. What's in the works? As mentioned above, we need volunteers for things, but in order to do that you guys need some idea of some of what things we're thinking about doing, so this list below contains some of our running ideas and, for ones that already have staff volunteers, who is running them. I'll update this list as new ideas from people come in (Though note, this doesn't mean we're doing all of this - these are just possibilities, but we need input/feedback from you guys and people who are willing to help): - A4 10 Year Retrospective (Kouketsu): The idea here is simple - put together a huge timeline of the major events that have happened in A4's ten year history and present it all in some cool way (That I haven't yet figured out - probably a thread with a post for each year and links to the good stuff) so people who are new here can look back at some of the awesome things that have transpired. -10 Year Birthday Banners (Ian/Shannon): We're gonna need birthday-themed banners celebrating A4's ten years of kicking ass. - A4 10 Year Birthday Stream/Podcast: That's right, we're trying to get the band back together! I mean..bringing the podcast/livestream back for a special birthday edition, complete with on-air trivia that users can participate in to win prizes (Real prizes, though some of them may be limited to U.S. members only) - A4's Birthday Drawing Contest: We're thinking of holding a contest to see who can draw the best celebratory image to honor A4's tenth birthday. - A4 Flashbacks (Kouketsu): This one is definitely going to take some networking on the part of our members, but the idea is to get back as many old members as possible and have them - and all you new members - share with us your most memorable experience in all of A4's ten years so we can compile them in one great, nostalgic throwback thread. - Bake the best A4 Birthday Cake! (Vespa): The premise for this one is simple - bake us an A4 birthday cake! Then take a picture of your creation and prizes will be given out for most creative cake design, most delicious looking cake, and best cake overall. - A4 Meme Contest (Oh Snap): Users get to come up with their own A4-related meme, with the funniest of them all being declared winner. - PM Someone New Day: We've done this one before and it's been a hit, so we're doing it again - it's a simple day where you get to know a new forum member that you've never met before! - A4 Scavenger Hunt: Starting from a single thread, a series of clues and riddles will lead users through a scavenger hunt for various pieces of information regarding A4's ten-year history, with prizes for whomever gets them all. - Daily Prize Giveaways (Gamma): We'll be doing giveaways every day in August of anime and manga that were donated to us by a wonderful anonymous forum user. We'll likely be doing this by way of a daily lottery for anyone who puts their names in. - A4 Iron Chef (Kouketsu): We pick the secret ingredient, you get in your kitchens and come up with a dish that uses it! Prizes for most creative and best-looking dishes! - Miss A4 (Kouketsu): While the last one is one of the most infamous events in A4's ten year history, I think the concept is good enough to be worth another try with some changes to reduce a little bit of the drama from last time. But either way, let's crown Miss A4 2012! - A4 Idol: Birthday Edition (Ian): Most people shy away from the A4 Idol contests intimidated to sing, but there's at least one song everyone should be able to do easily - the Happy Birthday song! Sing us your best version of happy birthday using the typical A4 Idol format, and voters will decide whose rendition was best. - A4 Ten-Year Birthday Card Meet-ups: This one might be a bit more difficult to do so it might get cut, but the idea is pretty simple - users of A4 who are located in the same geographic region throughout the world meet up (In a safe, public place - don't want this going south on us) and take a picture with a paper or sign or poster saying "Happy birthday, A4!" Alternatively people can do that by themselves if they'd like, and we could then do this big interactive map thing with all of the happy birthday signs from all over the world. - A4 Video Game Tournaments: It'd be cool if we could have a series of tournaments with various PC/console games setup, A4 members only, running throughout the month of August. - Writing/Poetry/Song Contests: These could be lumped together or could be separate, but similar to the birthday drawing contest, users can come up with their best A4-themed writing, poem, or song and users will vote for whichever they like best. - A4 Decade Awards: Similar to the A4 awards, but meant to cover the entire decade of A4's existence rather than just what happened in a single year. - A4 Chat Thread: Bringing this monstrosity back for one month only! - <Your new ideas here!> So let's hear what you've got, people, but keep it practical, yo. And no spamming, please. 
 Last edited by Kouketsu; 07-27-2012 at 07:25 PM. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
