http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?138078-What-is-the-best-Naruto-and-DBZ-games-on-the-PS2
 What is the best Naruto, and DBZ games on the PS2?
 Well since Capcom is a epic failure of a game developer now, I figured I'll fall back to my secondary fighter choices(1st choices being MvC 2, and SF 3rd Stike of course, but sometimes you want to play something different), so I figured I'll go buy DBZ(awesome customization), and Naruto(great skill sets), but forgot which ones I've played, so trying to figure out the best games in the two franchises. Is it Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 3, and Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 3 ? 
 Isn't Budokai Tenkaichi 3 for the PS2? Thats the best DBZ game if you ask me. Budokai 2 was pretty cool too just because the board game story mode was awesome. 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Jellz Isn't Budokai Tenkaichi 3 for the PS2? Thats the best DBZ game if you ask me. Budokai 2 was pretty cool too just because the board game story mode was awesome. Yea it is, but the lack of unlockables is a bit scarry(lol especially in a DBZ game of all things), as is the handful of lower gamer ratings, however the board game thing sounds real interesting(I definitely know I didn't play this one), I may have to look into that (if nothing else, just to see how well they implimented such a feature), thanks. 
 Tenkaichi 3 is the standard by which all other Dragon Ball games are compared. It's about as perfect as an anime fanservice game can get. Filled to the brim with content. It makes playing even current gen DB titles pointless because they simply pale in comparison. I have no idea about Naruto games. I played the first one for the PS2 I think, and haven't played any since. The current Ultimate Ninja Storm series for the PS3/360 looks beautiful, though. Never seen an anime game look so good. The disadvantage of older Naruto games is that the story is still ongoing, so while you'll find massive character rosters and complete story modes in older Dragon Ball games, you won't in older Naruto games. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Tenkaichi 3 is the standard by which all other Dragon Ball games are compared. It's about as perfect as an anime fanservice game can get. Filled to the brim with content. It makes playing even current gen DB titles pointless because they simply pale in comparison. I have no idea about Naruto games. I played the first one for the PS2 I think, and haven't played any since. The current Ultimate Ninja Storm series for the PS3/360 looks beautiful, though. Never seen an anime game look so good. The disadvantage of older Naruto games is that the story is still ongoing, so while you'll find massive character rosters and complete story modes in older Dragon Ball games, you won't in older Naruto games. Well when like half of the gamer reviews rate it a 4-7, alot of red flags pop up(it definitely can't be as good as it gets, not even from a franservice point of view, being a DBZ game, if that were the case, it would definitely be regularly rated much higher), where Budokai 3 is mostly 7-10. I think I played the first 2 Naruto games myself(not 100% sure, but I played them back when the Naruto games first started coming out, so highly likely). Oh no, if a game can be noted as beautiful, that in its self is a major issue(aka spending all the effort on graphics, and ignoring gameplay). While in a fighting game It's not a instant grave marker like it would be in other genres, It's still not a good sign. In any case though, playing any fighting game with the PS3/360 controllers sucks(such bad controllers, if you buy that, make sure you buy 3rd party controllers) Thankfully I'm looking for a PS2 Naruto game anyway. However not having the complete Naruto story is true, but what can you do about that, thankfully I like both franchises for different reasons(DBZ for the story mode, and customization, and Naruto for the char, and the awesome skill sets). To this date, I have to say DBZ fighters have the best story modes(lol way better then the crappy anime infact, It's a story+actual fighting) in the genre. 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 02-05-2013 at 12:23 AM. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Well when like half of the gamer reviews rate it a 4-7, alot of red flags pop up(it definitely can't be as good as it gets, not even from a franservice point of view, being a DBZ game, if that were the case, it would definitely be regularly rated much higher), where Budokai 3 is mostly 7-10. Aren't you the one that usually talks down about game reviews? Either way Tenkaichi 3 is the best DBZ game out there, I actually wasn't a fan of budokai 3 :/ 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Well when like half of the gamer reviews rate it a 4-7, alot of red flags pop up(it definitely can't be as good as it gets, not even from a franservice point of view, being a DBZ game, if that were the case, it would definitely be regularly rated much higher), where Budokai 3 is mostly 7-10. So you clearly only think reviewers are bad/shady/wrong if they give something a high score, but acknowledge them as being at least somewhat accurate when they give lower scores? Seems legit... The reason for the difference in scores is probably because the Budokai series is a fighting series first, and Dragon Ball series second. It can appeal to a wider audience because of that (Dragon Ball fans, fighting game fans--kind of), whereas Tenkaichi 3 is strictly a fanservice game, made to look more like fights in the anime than a 2D fighting game, and is made strictly for DB fans. Outside of the easy to pick up controls and flashy combat, Tenkaichi 3is less likely to appeal to people that aren't fans of DB. Oh no, if a game can be noted as beautiful, that in its self is a major issue(aka spending all the effort on graphics, and ignoring gameplay). While in a fighting game It's not a instant grave marker like it would be in other genres, It's still not a good sign. -_- Anime fighting games are always very shallow, so there has never been much gameplay to focus on to begin with (in any anime game). The simple nature of Naruto and DB fighting games allows for more time to be spent on things other than the gameplay, whether it be a hub world used to travel from fight to fight, additional gameplay modes, character moveset customization, etc. The Ultimate Ninja Storm Naruto games play somewhat similar to the Tenkaichi series of DB games, though, if not slightly more complex (minus the customizable moveset, afaik). In any case though, playing any fighting game with the PS3/360 controllers sucks(such bad controllers, if you buy that, make sure you buy 3rd party controllers) Aside from more sensitive analog sticks, slightly different L2/R2 buttons (more like triggers), and the inclusion of the PS button, the PS3 controller is identical to the PS2's. The only other differences are function (cord/wireless, motion sensor, rumble--if you don't have a dualshock 3), none of which affect much of anything. I have no idea what you're talking about. And the original Xbox controller was nearly as bad as the Gamecube's. It was gigantic, had terrible button placement, an awful directional pad, and was just an overall bad design. They even replaced it with the model they made specifically for Japan, because they have tiny baby hands, because it was even too big for bigfat American hands. The only fighting games that you would be better off playing with a gaming pad (or other controllers designed with fighting games in mind) are games like Street Fighter, Tekken, and other real fighting games. What controller you're using when playing casual anime fighting games is irrelevant. They don't have any combos that require specific d-pad or analog movements, or complex face button inputs. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Jellz Aren't you the one that usually talks down about game reviews? Either way Tenkaichi 3 is the best DBZ game out there, I actually wasn't a fan of budokai 3 :/ Not gamer reviews, made by actual gamers who play the games, It's the prof reviews that are BS. Also while on occassion bad gamer reviews do happen, like they just underrate a game based on something that Isn't a issue to beginwith(lol DW 7 anyone, people complain the game is too long, um are you kidding me, they call that a negative) or they make a issue into a bigger problem then it is. However such thing are very rare, and insanely easy to spot. Where that DBZ game is getting beat up though, is in the gameplay department(if it was on graphics or something that was completely bogus to complain about, it could have be written off as new school BS, but people are bringing up good points, like removing some moves from the game, some limitations with vs options, ect. That's just from a fast glance too, so things are not looking good). (points above) DBZ, and Naruto games are not that shallow at all, compared to other anime fighters(DBZ may have more simplified move sets, but it is the best 3D fighting game ever made mechanic wise, has the best story mode, and the addition of being able to use item in battle, where naruto has possibly the best skill designs in any fighting game, from a tactical standpoint atleast, so yea they have far from the typical shallow gameplay one would see in a anime fighter. However like I said, It's not a instant grave marker, with it being a fighting game, It's just something to be worried about(aka in other words, don't be surprised if the game is a POS). Um... The PS2 controllers sucked with fighting games too(not to mention the PS2 controllers die super fast, if you use then for fighting games), despite the fact I hate the 6 button format(instead of the double triggers), the 3rd strike controllers are a million times better then the PS2 controllers. You may have a point there with DBZ games(the skills aren't complicated to pull off, plus the gameplay is slower paced), but I imagine you would have the same issues playing Naruto, as you would playing a SF game, if using such bad controllers(the moves require pretty fast combo imputs, and the games are fast paced as well). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 02-05-2013 at 09:50 AM. 
 Then play a bad Dragon Ball game and not Tenkaichi 3. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler And the original Xbox controller was nearly as bad as the Gamecube's. It was gigantic, had terrible button placement, an awful directional pad, and was just an overall bad design. They even replaced it with the model they made specifically for Japan, because they have tiny baby hands, because it was even too big for bigfat American hands. Gamecube controller is still the best ever made. Original xbox controller was pretty bad though lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Back to DBZ, I watched some gameplay videos, and it seems like the game I've played in the past was Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2(I had a lot of fun with that game, so awesome). How does part 3 compare to 2 though(so It's clearly not the series in question, but the individual game, my bad)? I watched some gameplay videos of DBZ Budokai 3 too, and I'm worried about the story mode(doesn't seem as involved(instead of multiple stories, there looks like It's just a single story) sigh, is that the case or do more stories get unlocked? PS. I went ahead and bought Naruto Ultimate Ninja 3, it seemed to be the best Naruto game(after watching some gameplay videos, It's clearly a kickass entry at very least, if not the best Naruto game). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 02-07-2013 at 03:21 PM. 
 Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3. It has 160 characters. I needn't say more. 

 TenKaichi for dbz. Um and Naruto ultimate njna uh is 5 the highest. if it is then its that 1. Hahaha. Ive never played it before but since its the newest on the ps2 i think it should b the best. I'll get it one day. 
 Narus 
 .... Originally Posted by Zoltor Oh no, if a game can be noted as beautiful, that in its self is a major issue(aka spending all the effort on graphics, and ignoring gameplay). While in a fighting game It's not a instant grave marker like it would be in other genres, It's still not a good sign. groan 
 Originally Posted by Narus TenKaichi for dbz. Um and Naruto ultimate njna uh is 5 the highest. if it is then its that 1. Hahaha. Ive never played it before but since its the newest on the ps2 i think it should b the best. I'll get it one day. Um technically that's Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja 5, but looking at the games released, it probally is part of the same series(just starting from the new series). I'm kind of iffy about the Shippuden games though, Shippuden was when the anime went straight to hell, and the latest entry #5 seems to lack content, and modes big time. 
 dbz budikai 3 is the best dragonball Z game but i dont know about naruto because i never had a naruto game on the ps2 just the gamecube. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Budokai 3 was by far the best DBZ fighter if you ask me. Stuck to a single screen system 'fore Tenkaichi came along and honkied the sh*t outta everything... No fighting game should be split screen ffs. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Why all the PS2 love? What about those fantastic DBZ/GT games on the PS1? Sent from my cellular telephone using Tapatalk 2 

 Originally Posted by Mr. Boombastic Why all the PS2 love? What about those fantastic DBZ/GT games on the PS1? Sent from my cellular telephone using Tapatalk 2 Um with a game that is one, a 3D fighter(with the biggests maps mind you), and two heavily based on content/unlockably content(huge char roster, massive amounts of skills, a bunch of modes that only get better the bigger they are, ect), the PS1 DBZ games might as well not exist. 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Um with a game that is one, a 3D fighter(with the biggests maps mind you), and two heavily based on content/unlockably content(huge char roster, massive amounts of skills, a bunch of modes that only get better the bigger they are, ect), the PS1 DBZ games might as well not exist. don't forgot the fact that dbz fans weren't born when the ps1 was around. hell, they were barely alive for the ps2. Sent from my cellular telephone using Tapatalk 2 

 Originally Posted by Mr. Boombastic don't forgot the fact that dbz fans weren't born when the ps1 was around. hell, they were barely alive for the ps2. Sent from my cellular telephone using Tapatalk 2 lmfao, yes that too, can't believe I forgot to mention that(I can't even remember the last time someone said they liked DBZ, and didn't claim afterwards, it was like their first anime). 
 Last edited by Zoltor; 02-15-2013 at 01:25 PM. 
