http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?111091-quot-What-Anime-Is-This-!-quot-Ask-for-help-from-fellow-enthusiasts/page41
 "What Anime Is This?!" - Ask for help from fellow enthusiasts. - Page 41
 I've been trying to recall a show that I saw the first episode maybe a year ago. The problem is there was only one episode out on the free sites, like Hulu, and I never saw that there were any others while I could still remember the name. I'm thinking by now the series should be complete and available now that I forgot the name. This should be easy to identify, it's a typical Mech Warrior series. It begins with a high school girl who thinks she is applying for a spot at a prestigious girls academy. She is a little concerned that the interviewers seem more concerned with her body shape than her academics but brushes it off. Naturally she is accepted and a few days before leaving for the academy she receives a strange pendant in the mail from the "school" and is told to keep it on her at all times. She must travel to Tokyo to attend school. Meets another new student on the train and becomes friends. At the station she misses her connection with another friend from the school and gets lost in the city. This is where the Mech part comes in. While wandering about she witnesses the launch of several Mech Warriors in response to an impending attack. Apparently this is a common event, judging by the locals. As we near the end of this episode, she finds herself near the harbor. Suddenly her pendant starts glowing and a long dormant Mech suit activates itself and launches out of the harbor in front of her and captures her. There are a few more things going on but that's the basics. Any ideas anyone? 
 Originally Posted by Griffmeister I've been trying to recall a show that I saw the first episode maybe a year ago. The problem is there was only one episode out on the free sites, like Hulu, and I never saw that there were any others while I could still remember the name. I'm thinking by now the series should be complete and available now that I forgot the name. This should be easy to identify, it's a typical Mech Warrior series. It begins with a high school girl who thinks she is applying for a spot at a prestigious girls academy. She is a little concerned that the interviewers seem more concerned with her body shape than her academics but brushes it off. Naturally she is accepted and a few days before leaving for the academy she receives a strange pendant in the mail from the "school" and is told to keep it on her at all times. She must travel to Tokyo to attend school. Meets another new student on the train and becomes friends. At the station she misses her connection with another friend from the school and gets lost in the city. This is where the Mech part comes in. While wandering about she witnesses the launch of several Mech Warriors in response to an impending attack. Apparently this is a common event, judging by the locals. As we near the end of this episode, she finds herself near the harbor. Suddenly her pendant starts glowing and a long dormant Mech suit activates itself and launches out of the harbor in front of her and captures her. There are a few more things going on but that's the basics. Any ideas anyone? Sounds slightly different, but it may be "My hime". If not, check it out since you may like it. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by mrgamer Hi everyone,trying to find an anime I've always wanted to finish watching but never had at chance. *It was about spaceships and *these spaceships used their captains psychic/mind energy , *the ships they were represented by an hologram that looked very real(and sexy) they also fought with what seemed to be light swords.* I remember one scene where another captain(female) of a ship was fully connected and imprisoned by her own ship.If i remember correctly it was a male lead. Sorry if i lack information. Could this possibly be Candidate For Goddess? It was on Cartoon Network ages ago and sounds a lot like what you're explaining. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 anybody know this anime? 
 ^ Maken-ki E Google... 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Sounds slightly different, but it may be "My hime". If not, check it out since you may like it. My (or Mai) hime has been out for 8 years so that's not it, but you're right that there are a few similarities. I think that might be a fun watch in between some of the other shows on my list. Thanks. So, the question is still active. Keep in mind some of the identifying points. Main character is traveling alone until she makes friends with a fellow "student" along the way. An additional point, this new companion has sleep apnea and dozes off frequently on the trip to "school". We are given the indication that this "school" is really a training center for the Mech suit operators who just happen to need certain body proportions to properly interact with the suits. Another thing I didn't mention is the required counter element. In this case, near the end at the harbor scene there are two female characters in a boat that seem determined to interfere with the Mech program. Why, I don't know yet? There were just enough questions involved in the first episode to make me wonder how this all worked out. 
 Anyone know the name of this character and what anime he's from? 
 Originally Posted by Tαќeshi Anyone know the name of this character and what anime he's from? Chrollo Lucifer, From Hunter X Hunter. 
 8/21/13 Never Forget 
 
 Originally Posted by kmo1995 If you do a google image search you can come up with the right research for this as I did, I'm not going to tell you what category this actually falls under because it might be against the rules. Just know that it's labeled as "Inappropriate" for a normal forum. 
 Originally Posted by kmo1995 I found what you were looking for, but as Takeshi said. It's not appropriate for these forums. Instead of posting the name here, I will PM you. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 highlight right click XD google search hotkey hahaha 
 Hi guys! WHAT ANIME IS THIS? I found this image on tumblr with no clues whatsoever. PLEASE HELP! 
 Can somebody tell me from what anime does the following picture come from?It is the 2nd picture from the top (under the picture of Princess Mononoke)in the right column in this page: http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/ It is a picture of a girl with armour plates delivering a blow or something & she has her hair tied back in a ponytail. 
 Last edited by Daisky; 12-01-2013 at 11:18 PM. 
 I'm trying to remember this anime. Can't think of what it looked like enough to find pics unfortunately, but here is what I can recall. I want to say it began in the mid to late 90s, and I believe it ran up to the early 2000s maybe, unless it was a rerun. The art style of the characters had them very thin and lanky, and they were very pointy, especially their chins and noses. It kind of looks like Galaxy Express, but a bit less refined, with more of a 70s anime throwback look. It had a medieval yet slightly futuristic feel to it as well. Can't remember the network I saw it on, but I know for sure it wasn't cartoon network, the WB, or any other American networks that usually show/ed anime. The one scene I can remember is one character poisoning another in a forest. The poisoner had white hair on the shorter side, and I believe he was wearing white clothes that kind of looked like robes. The guy he poisoned had white hair too, but that's all I remember about him. The guy in the white clothing poisons him, they talk for a moment, the other guy realizes he has been poisoned, and the guy in white clothing goes off on some monologue. Okay that's all I can remember. Sorry I can't be more specific, but I hope you all can help, because it's driving me crazy lol 
 Originally Posted by tenfigga Hi guys! WHAT ANIME IS THIS? I found this image on tumblr with no clues whatsoever. PLEASE HELP! looks like NGE a little. The quote also sounds like something from that anime too 
 Yeah it looks like neon genesis evangelion 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Hey, I've been using google to find all the animes I was looking for, but this one doesn't come up. Anybody know what it is? 
 It might be "Blood +" or "Blood-C" or "Blood-C The Movie". 
 Nope its an anime out right now Kyōkai no Kanata. Its a fairly recent episode which is probably why there is no pics of it just yet. 
 Originally Posted by legattoVIII Nope its an anime out right now Kyōkai no Kanata. Its a fairly recent episode which is probably why there is no pics of it just yet. I think you're right. Thanks! 
 If anyone knows I would be interested in finding out hat this Anime is. Thanks in advance. x 
 Thanks to TwiDragon for the sig.
 Originally Posted by Angel Beretta If anyone knows I would be interested in finding out hat this Anime is. Thanks in advance. x Pretty sure that is Upotte!! An ecchi anime about girls who are really guns, and they shoot each other. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Pretty sure that is Upotte!! An ecchi anime about girls who are really guns, and they shoot each other. Sounds like it might be good. Thanks. 
 Thanks to TwiDragon for the sig.
 Does anyone know what anime this girl is from?  Spoiler 

