http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159755-A-list-of-anime-that-are-great-for-children-and-are-in-no-way-inappropriate-*wink*
[Anime] A list of anime that are great for children and are in no way inappropriate *wink*
 Here's my list: Boku no pico Mirai nikki kiss x sis elfen lied beserk Any others you think should be added? 
 Last edited by Taikutsu; 01-18-2015 at 01:20 PM. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 You're sick you know that? But let's add Another School days Blue gender And grave of the fireflies 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 High School DxD Green Green 

 I enjoyed another. Ps: I know I'm sick > Pss: How could I forget school days?! 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Kampfer Sekirei B gata h kei Queens blade Ikkitousen Cat planet cuties Mysterious girlfriend x 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 School days is the best one because of the fact that at the start it presents itself as nice then slowly degrades into evil. xD 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Originally Posted by Taikutsu School days is the best one because of the fact that at the start it presents itself as nice then slowly degrades into evil. xD Nice?????? Its an ecchi school anime to start with. Its not nice anY sense. It just disguises itself wel 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Nice?????? Its an ecchi school anime to start with. Its not nice anY sense. It just disguises itself wel But the intro just sounds soo inviting 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Ah my Buddha Agent aika Serial experiments lain Lady death Corpse princess Deadman wonderland 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Apocalypse Zero 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Genocyber, Ninja Resurrection, Shigurui and for the more religiously inclined, Bible Black. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Hentai doesn't count...or should it? If so, this thread should be drowned while it is still an infant. Oh, mandatory contribution so as to avoid getting molested by moderators, Rainbow Nisha Rokubou No Shichinin Purpose of this thread is to just name the more darker anime that have been released? That's just a broad can of sadness that I personally don't find entertainment from. 
 Originally Posted by Shmuser Name Hentai doesn't count...or should it? If so, this thread should be drowned while it is still an infant. Oh, mandatory contribution so as to avoid getting molested by moderators, Rainbow Nisha Rokubou No Shichinin Purpose of this thread is to just name the more darker anime that have been released? That's just a broad can of sadness that I personally don't find entertainment from. And yet here you are adding to its validity 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Bokurano Corpse party Girls bravo Mujaki no rakuen 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 And yet here you are adding to its validity Bravo, Captain Obvious. I don't want to rustle anyone's jimmies, so I might as well input a personal selection of mine that seems to fit this thread's categorical spectrum. IS it a bit hypocritical of me to speak about how I, like many other people, dislike watching sad or dark anime? Is so, I never said I wasn't a hypocrite. 
 Beef alert! Monster is pretty appropriate for kiddies. Every kiddy should watch monster. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Originally Posted by Taikutsu Beef alert! Monster is pretty appropriate for kiddies. Every kiddy should watch monster. Monster went so deep I needed a flashlight just to watch it. My list... Afro Samurai uhhhh... Black lagoon? I just don't watch that very many child appropriate anime. And the ones I have seen, were already listed.. I watched elfen lied and loved it. I need more G rated anime. 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 Taikutsu, you are sick. In a good way, lol. This thread is just misunderstanding waiting to happen though. Some will just see the topic and then look starting post and pick first one. Now we just wait until someone will come to report how their child is ruined. Ah My Buddha! Koi Kaze/Love Wind Onee-chan ga Kita Also I must have missed someone, since I'm sure someone must have said Yosuga no Sora already. Well apparently not. About school days(plot spoilers):  Spoiler School days is great because it starts being like kawaii-mode, this guy likes this girl and this girl likes this guy, but they are too shy. And that lasts what like 2 or 3 episodes? Then it goes full harem/hentai/echhi-mode and you think like, "So this is what's it gonna be". Then like towards the last 3 episodes it goes into this full drama/tragedy-mode with like all these things going public and the baby and stuff. And then in the end.. psychopatic/WTF-mode with well.. the ending. So basically it's rollercoaster of kawaii-ecchi-tragedy-WTF. Is that accurate description of school days? 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/lATLl&show=0&order=4
 This is thread is an orgy for morons. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 Hold on, are these suggestions real or have I misunderstood the title of the thread? Hahaha. 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 Yosuga No Sora To Love-ru Darkness Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance The first one is probably the most inappropriate and has incest so yeah be careful lol 

 Aki Sora Seikon no Qwaser Shoujo Sect 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 "This thread is an orgy for morons" And to prove it, here you are. 
"It's more interesting when the future's uncertain" - Shiina Mashiro
 Originally Posted by Taikutsu "This thread is an orgy for morons" And to prove it, here you are. Cool the guns and hold yer horses, cowboy. Your thread may be a bit dark but that doesn't mean being friendly is tossed out the window. Same goes for Grey the Bae. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Damn, Some people really need to remove that tentacle from their ass. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
