http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152293-Winter-2013-Anime-List
 Winter 2013 Anime List.
 http://i6.minus.com/inI3JHYqwrJg4.jpg A few interesting shows here and there. Z/X Ignition and Noragami looks pretty interesting to me. Also a second season of Chuunibyou 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I'm looking forward to seeing what a few of those shows are gonna be like Mostly though for Space Dandy and Chuunibyou season 2 :3 
 Last edited by Firefromthevoid; 11-01-2013 at 08:42 AM. 
 Spacy dandy is a must. And also excited for the tiger and bunny movie. everything else looks terrible. 
 Originally Posted by Zer0 Spacy dandy is a must. And also excited for the tiger and bunny movie. everything else looks terrible. Your opinion is terrible :3 There are definitely some good shows in there. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Yea, I'll probably end up with atleast a handful of shows next season from the way that lookes, probably alittle more like I have this season if non of the ones I'm looking at turn out bad 
 The only thing that really sticks out for me here is the new Sailor Moon series. I really wonder if it's going to be a full series though or if they'll rush things and make it really short. Sadly other than that I'm not really interested in this list looking through it. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Tonari no Seki-kun's manga is pretty hilarious, so that might be worth a look. The new Sailormoon anime is pretty much a must if it actually does come out, but I thought it had been delayed again. Space Dandy is going to be great. More awesome Silver Spoon. Might give Noragami a chance, but the premise isn't really grabbing me. Really not impressed by any of the other shows on the list, seems like typical, weak winter season. 

 this looks pretty good. im excited about a few. I hate the wait though 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 Space Dandy and Noragami look ****ing godly, like I'm honestly so stoked for the two of them. It's insane. Everything else just looks like dumb, reoccurring moe-****. 
 I didn't really see much I liked from the winter lineup except for that SAO special but hopefully my mind changes when these series come out. 
 Originally Posted by Protoss Space Dandy and Noragami look ****ing godly, like I'm honestly so stoked for the two of them. It's insane. Everything else just looks like dumb, reoccurring moe-****. Shoujo doesnt have to be moe. Why are people in this thread so ****ing biased holy sh*t its not like the anime is out already. You cant really judge. So dumb. 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 Originally Posted by Takera_ Why are people in this thread so ****ing biased holy sh*t its not like the anime is out already. You cant really judge. So dumb. It's alittle weird whenever it happens to movies/shows/ect that haven't come out yet Didn't think an anime forum would be so negative towards upcoming anime though, was actually alittle surprised 
 Originally Posted by Takera_ Shoujo doesnt have to be moe. Why are people in this thread so ****ing biased holy sh*t its not like the anime is out already. You cant really judge. So dumb. Most of my opinions are based off of the studios involved (the ones with track records anyway), whether or not it's based on a light novel (crapshoot on whether it has the potential to be decent or completely terrible), and checking out who the director, producer and other staff involved are. For sure, there's the possibility I'll be surprised. But if I already know the staff or studio are notorious for putting out stuff that doesn't appeal to me, every season, then I'm usually not going to even give it a 1-3 episode test. Especially if the premise isn't selling me on it. Winter and Summer seasons are traditionally bad as well. They're in-between seasons. No major studios actually put out anything huge those seasons; they'll always hold it for Fall and Spring. Winter and Summer are usually sequels and second halves, or pandering crap intended to keep funds rolling in for good shows the following season. It's why David Productions had Jojo's Bizarre Adventure starting in the Fall of 2012 and then before they could afford to make the third season, had to put out absolute trash like Neptunia over the Summer. 

 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Most of my opinions are based off of the studios involved (the ones with track records anyway), whether or not it's based on a light novel (crapshoot on whether it has the potential to be decent or completely terrible), and checking out who the director, producer and other staff involved are. For sure, there's the possibility I'll be surprised. But if I already know the staff or studio are notorious for putting out stuff that doesn't appeal to me, every season, then I'm usually not going to even give it a 1-3 episode test. Especially if the premise isn't selling me on it. Winter and Summer seasons are traditionally bad as well. They're in-between seasons. No major studios actually put out anything huge those seasons; they'll always hold it for Fall and Spring. Winter and Summer are usually sequels and second halves, or pandering crap intended to keep funds rolling in for good shows the following season. It's why David Productions had Jojo's Bizarre Adventure starting in the Fall of 2012 and then before they could afford to make the third season, had to put out absolute trash like Neptunia over the Summer. Well said sir, well said. There are companies and anime that came from manga that have a bad track record. Its very fair to call an underwhelming lineup of anime underwhelming. I hope from the bottom of my heart that some of them actually become good and watchable but reading the synopsis of all of the new stuff doesn't really peak my interest as much due to the fact that many of them play on the same old same old (magical girl anime....yay! never heard of that storyline before. Robots...whooo! thats refreshing because I didn't see any mecha anime in the last season... group of girls starting a band/ idol group...definitely never saw something like that) some do have a decent story and I will be watching all of then just to give them a chance, but after watching some pretty well done anime the last few seasons I guess I just got spoiled. Hopefully you can forgive me for not being super excited about every anime that comes out every season, I guess in time people out grow some of the same story plots. *edit* I just want to make sure my previous statement was not taken in the wrong context. I don't mind watching an anime with a quasi-similar story from another anime as long as the plot and actual storyline is good. Thats why I will give all the titles a chance. 
 Winter 2013...already \ OA O / 
 
 I'll probably watch the sequel to Saki. I rather liked the first season. 

 It looks like there's a lot of moe shows. I guess the only thing I'll look forward to is Space Dandy. 
 Last edited by Tigeris; 01-24-2014 at 08:54 PM. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
 Anyone know is there is a thread for Chuunibyou REN? 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai Anyone know is there is a thread for Chuunibyou REN? I don't think there is, Sora. Go ahead and make one if you're thinking of it. I normally don't do second season threads but rather bump the first season unless the name's changed. xD 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned I don't think there is, Sora. Go ahead and make one if you're thinking of it. I normally don't do second season threads but rather bump the first season unless the name's changed. xD I tried looking through the archives and I would have revived season 1 and just go from there but apparently there was never a season 1 thread made either. 

 Originally Posted by Sora Senpai I tried looking through the archives and I would have revived season 1 and just go from there but apparently there was never a season 1 thread made either. Good time to start one then. Maybe it expired or something? I don't know the exact workings of this forum but I don't think the threads stay forever in the New in Japan section. Oh, and if any mods are reading this I think somebody should unsticky the Fall 2013 anime list and sticky this one. We've already got both Winter and Spring 2014 threads started and Fall season is over now. Maybe sticky both this winter list and the spring one? 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Onee-chan ga Kita..... this "anime" makes me severely doubt the state of anime as a whole moving forward. 3 minute episodes, 12 episodes for the season, its like the companies has just given up on trying to produce quality even though there are literally thousands of un-animated manga that can be used. All the more reason why I will create my own company to try and stop the lowering of the bar when it comes to animation. 
 You're right that there is an surprising number of ~5-minute anime coming out this season. I was surprised that even Pupa was one. :/ 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 The Thursday anime lineup is truly fearsome! How are we supposed to keep up with so many great series in one day? o_o 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 The new Sailor Moon anime looks interesting, and even promising. Maybe I'll check it out. 
 “So many books, so little time.”
