http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?122338-Do-you-RP-or-do-you-wish-to-Learn
 Do you RP, or do you wish to Learn?
 I am posting this up here in news forum in the hopes that new people will read it and want to get involved. I have had a brief discussion with one of our newer members who is really interested in RPing, and I came up with an idea to get some activity in there. I am prepared to put together a group of people who wish to help with this and get it going. RP Realm used to be crazy with activity. There is no progress without a little bit of work, so that forum will not be revived overnight. If anyone wants to learn how to RP, or feels that they can dedicate the time to help teach those that want to learn, now's the time to get involved. This may involve setting up an initial RP or two once there are enough people interested, where everyone involved understands that people are new to it and need instruction. This has failed countless times because RP vets who have grown up and moved on with their lives are continually making promises that they cannot keep, even if those promises were well intentioned. I know most will agree. It's time to let the newer and younger people (or those older folk who have too much time on their hands :P) take the reins here and get things in motion. Passing this to people who have the time to dedicate will benefit everyone in the long run. I don't care if you only joined yesterday, if you think you can help, you are more than welcome to get involved. Preemptive note: I don't want to hear arguments about the past failed attempts, all that is history. Thanks all. EDIT: 3/Jan/13. Just a note. Anyone who is interested. Please go take a look in the RP section and see what is going on. If there's something you'd like to join, PM the RP owner, or post in their OOC thread asking if you can join. If you know what you are doing, create one. Join the PR Society in my sig and organise an RP. PM each other and get one going. If you are reading this thread and you want to help some of the people who posted here, PM them. Currently, I am short on time, but I think you guys can work together. =) 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 01-02-2013 at 06:15 PM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
