http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158593-Fate-Stay-Night-Unlimited-Blade-Works
[Fantasy] Fate/Stay Night: Unlimited Blade Works
 A new anime adaptation of Fate/Stay Night, following the Unlimited Blade Works route. For those familiar with Type-Moon's epic Fate/Stay Night franchise, particularly the Visual Novel, I probably do not need to say more. For those of you who are not, here is a run-down of the Fate/Stay Night setting: Fate/stay night chronicles a two-week period in the life of the protagonist Shirō Emiya, an amateur mechanic who attends a school named Homurahara Gakuen in Fuyuki City, Japan. The story primarily takes place at and around Shirō Emiya's house, which acts as their base location in the Holy Grail War. Outside of Shirō's house, frequented locations include the Homurahara Gakuen high school, and the Ryūdōji Temple. The main theme in Fate/stay night is "conquering oneself." There are three story lines in Fate, each has a different theme. The first one, Fate, is the "oneself as an ideal." The second one, Unlimited Blade Works, is "struggling with oneself as an ideal." The third one, Heaven's Feel, is "the friction with real and ideal." 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 As expected of Ufotable, they've not only followed the VN to the letter, but they've also delivered absolutely stunning art, animation and sound. Extremely happy with episode 0, and although I thought the VN was pretty meh in all but the Heaven's Feel route, I'm definitely happy it's turning out so well and am going to keep up with it. 

 YES!! This is what i call superb adaptation. First fight was awesome! 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Would love to skip to ep 2 because I really don't give a **** about watching ep 1 again from shirou's perspective, but at least we'll get more taiga. But yeah, episode owned. Hilarious that Rin complimented Archer on his cooking and cleaning, given who he actually is. Just a lot of great little humorous touches here and there. Definitely looked and sounded gorgeous; and that fight at the end was just beautiful. But yeah, even though they're going with a lot of original scores and audio, it's working really well. Loving the musical cues. 

 That whole ep bested the whole UBW movie. Also Heavens feel next year I think, its gonna be great. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 I'm so glad Ufotable is taking over Fate entirely now. I absolutely hate DEEN, and Fate/Zero and Fate/UBW by Ufotable have already **** on DEENs Fate adaptations 100x over. Hopefully they get Hollow Antaraxia and Apocrypha. 

 That face when he realize who she is. 
 
 

 I really enjoyed the prologue episode. I have been a fate fan for quite a few years. 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean I like to think that he had that last pose the entire way down. I find it more hilarious. 
 
 Ehy guys, someone has an idea on "when" it will be dubbed? i'm not asking for "if" cause i don't even wanna think about the possibility that it won't be dubbed 
 Originally Posted by Jollyrogerbay Ehy guys, someone has an idea on "when" it will be dubbed? i'm not asking for "if" cause i don't even wanna think about the possibility that it won't be dubbed There's legitimately no plan for it to get dubbed, lol. If it does, though, it'll be late 2015/early 2016. 

 Try watching subs while waiting (: I'm looking forward to the engrish when archer do that 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Yeah I'm loving the subs so far just because the VAs for Rin and Archer are obviously having so much fun with the roles. Just some genuinely solid voice work. 

 A real pity to watch a show with such an awsome graphic looking at subs ... but since the story is kinda already "known" from the novel and so is not entirely a "new show", i guess this time i will think about watch it with subs, one thing is for sure, i will wait anyway the end before start watching it, is much more better to follow the entire show at once rather than 1 episode for week 
 Originally Posted by Jollyrogerbay A real pity to watch a show with such an awsome graphic looking at subs ... but since the story is kinda already "known" from the novel and so is not entirely a "new show", i guess this time i will think about watch it with subs, one thing is for sure, i will wait anyway the end before start watching it, is much more better to follow the entire show at once rather than 1 episode for week Are you just incapable of watching while reading? Because I can look at the amazing art and animation while reading the subtitles without missing anything. I've legitimately never had a problem with it. You should be able to read it out of your peripheral vision, lol. I don't understand what your issue is, exactly. 

 The "immersion" factor; differently from mangas, visual novels or just books, anime are a complete artform made not only by static images or texts, but there are colors, movement, voices and music, and read what peole are saying instead of watch them and hear and understand what they are saying it means loosing the immersion and so less enjoy the whole thing.. that's it, but of cousre is my idea and i would never criticize someone who think differently about this, nor go too much off topic in this discussion too, so anyway tnx for the infos 
No one is as good or as bad as we think they are
 Originally Posted by Jollyrogerbay The "immersion" factor; differently from mangas, visual novels or just books, anime are a complete artform made not only by static images or texts, but there are colors, movement, voices and music, and read what peole are saying instead of watch them and hear and understand what they are saying it means loosing the immersion and so less enjoy the whole thing.. that's it, but of cousre is my idea and i would never criticize someone who think differently about this, nor go too much off topic in this discussion too, so anyway tnx for the infos Idk, I've never lost immersion of something simply because it was subbed. If an anime is a truly immersive experience, subs aren't going to change the fact that it's immersive. 

 I'll be honest here, immersion's usually lost for me in dubs. Usually because most of them sound so horrid that I feel like throwing up. Fate Zero's dub was ok, but it completely missed Kirei's deep voice, which should be considered a crime. Otherwise, this is utterly amazing. No less than what I expect from Ufotable. I was actually hoping for a Heaven's Feel anime, but I believe Ufotable's working on a movie for that route. UBW has my favorite story (although I havent finished Heaven's Feel yet), and ughhhh this is so damn good. Some of the most beautiful animation I've ever seen, the fights are super epic. I love the music as well. As you can probably tell by now, I was super hyped for this. On a side note, I'm still waiting for an Ilya route to be added. EDIT: I love this gif so much. 

 Sab v Lan had me drooled all over The movement are too fast, yet i can follow a lil - there's that flow and connecting animation. Just how the hell they made that XD By the way, I caught everything while reading subs (: 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Originally Posted by Revive I'll be honest here, immersion's usually lost for me in dubs. Usually because most of them sound so horrid that I feel like throwing up. Fate Zero's dub was ok, but it completely missed Kirei's deep voice, which should be considered a crime. Otherwise, this is utterly amazing. No less than what I expect from Ufotable. I was actually hoping for a Heaven's Feel anime, but I believe Ufotable's working on a movie for that route. UBW has my favorite story (although I havent finished Heaven's Feel yet), and ughhhh this is so damn good. Some of the most beautiful animation I've ever seen, the fights are super epic. I love the music as well. As you can probably tell by now, I was super hyped for this. On a side note, I'm still waiting for an Ilya route to be added. EDIT: I love this gif so much. Heaven's Feel is Illya's route, they just decided against making her the lead. It's not like Sakura is actually a character anyway; she's a plot device. 

 Hmmm...so HF is the Ilya route. Interesting. Its the only route I havent finished yet, I'm only a few days in. EDIT: Im like 10 days into HF, and it feels like it took everything I thought I knew about the Fate series and chucks it out the window. EDIT 2: Is there a choice that leads to shinji dying a horrible death in HF, because if there is, please direct me to it. 
 Last edited by Revive; 10-18-2014 at 12:08 PM. 

 
 
 That was the best part of the episode. 

 How was that the best part of the episode.... =.= 
