http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141428-Valvrave-the-Liberator-AKA-Code-Gundam-WEED-Legend-of-the-Galactic-Space-Vampires/page6
[Mecha] Valvrave the Liberator AKA Code Gundam WEED: Legend of the Galactic Space Vampires - Page 6
 Man just finished the last two episodes, and I gotta say, the ending bothered me at first. But after giving it some thought and reading other peoples opinions. I actually think it was a good fit for the series. I just hope that they do another season or some sort of movie or big OVA on all the unanswered questions, cause I have a lot lol. It kind of felt rushed at some points, and the memories fading away could've been done better, but the action, excitement and ending made up for those minor points of critique. Great Anime! It had everything and more...it was different in it's own way, shocking at points (death of certain characters, plot twists and ofcourse the "rape" scene) and I loved it looks and music. So i'm wishing for more... 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 It was a hell of a trainwreck throughout and the ending felt surprisingly tame. I was kinda disappointed in how normal and expected it all turned out after all the wacky plot twists and shark jumps that had been going on for two seasons. Okay show overall, I guess. 

 Well my top 3 favorite songs of course. Those would be hysteria by nano, passion by Utada Hikaru and yes it's the kingdom hearts theme. My third would be I guess roller coaster by Luke Bryan I don't care for country but this song has a ton of re listen to value. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 The first season was good, so the second season must be right there with it 

 i saw season one it was really cool at the beginning but i got bored with it towards the end i don't think ill be interested in season 2 but if its really good than tell me 
 Originally Posted by kirito1 i saw season one it was really cool at the beginning but i got bored with it towards the end i don't think ill be interested in season 2 but if its really good than tell me Imho, if you're alright with s1, s2 is worth watching. Lack of good plot and authentic settings, but its story gives some impact in its own way. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Action was great, animation was great, it was like a fantastic B-movie plot with sprinkles of intense genre injections to keep you hooked even though it was badly written at times. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
