http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155133-Akame-ga-KILL!/page4
[Action] Akame ga KILL! - Page 4
 It's all thanks to Coro that Seryuu didn't end her days looking like this... Dogs really do keep your sanity. As an adoptive dog parent, I know. xD (You can just call me the Dog Father, lol.) 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Just watched EP 18+19 And wow Lubba is more badass then I expected o.O 
 I havent watched the anime myself, but please don't tell me Rabac is called Lubbock in the anime...please... Chelsea spoiler  Spoiler she got eaten by koro. Rip. Esdese spoiler sort of but not really its just about her personality  Spoiler theres no way she'd help tatsumi, even though she loves him she can't understand him Final spoiler about seryuu  Spoiler Im so glad she died, she was a little off in the head Jk, this is the final spoiler, you probably shouldn't click this one unless you read the manga  Spoiler I wanted akame x tatsumi, shame he went down the other route. 

 Originally Posted by Revive I havent watched the anime myself, but please don't tell me Rabac is called Lubbock in the anime...please... Yes, he is. Also Esdese is translated as Esdeath, and Mein is translated as Mine. :/ The rest of your spoilers are well-timed for this point of the anime. They're pretty much what we're now caught up on. Well, the last one isn't technically revealed yet, but it's been made very clear what direction it's heading. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Wow... another gripping, heart-breaking episode!! :o  Spoiler Loved this part! And this too... <3 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Apparently I need to hop on this bandwagon. I think I may try the manga first... 
its-justchildish.tumblr.com My Anime List Message for - PSN, Xbox Live, Nintendo 3DS, Steam 
 This episode seemed to skip a whole bunch of the manga... no Wild Hunt and everything between them and the Jaegers... 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Yeah i've heard that the manga is a lot better and that the anime skips over parts, I've been following the anime for a good while but I think i'll backtrack to the manga and read up to where the anime currently is. BUT DAMN THIS IS GETTING GOOD :3 

 It sure is! But I guess we kind of have to expect all this skipping, since this manga has been out for too long before it finally got an anime adaptation. This series is way too good, they should have jumped on it right away! But now there's so much to catch up on... :/ I really wanted to see all the Wild Hunt members though, not just that pansy Minister's son. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Every week I am blown away. This series is so good. I already miss Lubbock. I don't know what else to say cause I'm in shock 
 Originally Posted by nickoliah123 Every week I am blown away. This series is so good. I already miss Lubbock. I don't know what else to say cause I'm in shock You can pray that tatsumi doesn't die too ! xD 

 So in episode 18 & 19 they were in the City of Peace, where Mine and Tatsumi were talking with the religious leader, Najenda and Esdeath met each other (probably fighting) and Wave/Kurome against other Night Raids clashed into each other. And then we have episode 20 where all of this I just mentioned just ??? vanished into thin air. Suddenly we have Tatsumi and Rubac in the capital and the rest of the Night Raids seem to have gone back as well. I almost felt like I missed an episode or something. Wtf happend with the religious leader, the Najenda vs Esdeath, Jaegers vs Nightraids ? Also the completely unnecessary death made this episode just random and rushed as hell. At least give us some background on him. I am dissapointed Whitefox, even if u were to rush it, at least give a flashback or something on what happend between 18-19 and 20. 
 "Create your dream, live your dream, be your dream"
 Originally Posted by Yanzu So in episode 18 & 19 they were in the City of Peace, where Mine and Tatsumi were talking with the religious leader, Najenda and Esdeath met each other (probably fighting) and Wave/Kurome against other Night Raids clashed into each other. And then we have episode 20 where all of this I just mentioned just ??? vanished into thin air. Suddenly we have Tatsumi and Rubac in the capital and the rest of the Night Raids seem to have gone back as well. I almost felt like I missed an episode or something. Wtf happend with the religious leader, the Najenda vs Esdeath, Jaegers vs Nightraids ? Also the completely unnecessary death made this episode just random and rushed as hell. At least give us some background on him. I am dissapointed Whitefox, even if u were to rush it, at least give a flashback or something on what happend between 18-19 and 20. I know what you're saying bro, I feel the same way...here I was expecting to see Esdeath square off against the captain of the Night Raiders...and then we see Esdeath back at the capital at the end. All I can think off is that she switched sides after a good old fashioned sit down with Najenda... Damn Lubba was freaking skilled and a great strategist in battle, glad he got to shine the last few eps...choo choo...(climbs on board the feeltrain to the feelipines) 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 Originally Posted by Yanzu I almost felt like I missed an episode or something. lol, dude... that's because they skipped whole chapters out of the manga. You missed more than just an episode. By the way.. I thought at first that they just wanted to catch up to the manga because this anime adaptation was picked up so late and the manga had gotten so far... but then I thought that maybe they skipped the whole Wild Hunt section because of the mass rape thing... :o I really wanted to see more of Suzuka, too. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Quick question  Spoiler What, Rabac (called Lubbock in the anime which makes me cringe everytime) dies already? Damn, that means the anime already caught up to the manga. Mind if I ask a question, who kills Rabac in the anime? Since apparently someone mentioned that Wild Hunt was skipped in the anime (WTF WHY?!?!) but yeah, thanks in advance. EDIT:  Spoiler Wut, did they just skip the entire religion fight and wild hunt arc? What the f***? 

 Originally Posted by Revive Quick question  Spoiler What, Rabac (called Lubbock in the anime which makes me cringe everytime) dies already? Damn, that means the anime already caught up to the manga. Mind if I ask a question, who kills Rabac in the anime? Since apparently someone mentioned that Wild Hunt was skipped in the anime (WTF WHY?!?!) but yeah, thanks in advance.  Spoiler Syura (Shura in the anime), the minister's son kills Rabac... He's the only one from Wild Hunt who got to make an appearance (besides Suzuka, but she only had her part as a member of the Four Rakshasa Demons). Then when the Minister should have introduced Wild Hunt being led by Shura, he introduced just his son Shura who was leading a rabble of faceless extras instead of the formidable Wild Hunt. Originally Posted by Revive EDIT:  Spoiler Wut, did they just skip the entire religion fight and wild hunt arc? What the f***?  Spoiler Many things are strange about that... like, why did they need to catch up to the manga that quick? The anime always progresses faster, thus the need for fillers. Normally they would want to keep a further spread from the manga. And why would they skip something as crucial as Wild Hunt, while leaving more bit players like the Four Rakshasa Demons? This is why I'm kind of leaning more towards a more political issue arising with Wild Hunt's rape incident? But that's still no cause to wipe out the entire arc! I don't know how this happened. I'm disappointed, but still loving the show. I wish they had picked up on its brilliance earlier and adapted it to anime long ago... then maybe we might not have run into this problem? 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Goddamnit why did I had to see the latest ep before I went to sleep...seriously I freaking hate that I love this show... 
 Every single week I'm impressed. One second I'm laughing, the next I'm in awe from a sweat battle scene, and then I'm so sad. Basically hit a full range of emotions in 24 minutes This show reminds me of game of thrones in the sense that almost any character can get killed off at a moments notice 
 The feels are so real </33 It just makes me think 'who's next' D: 

 Ive finally marathoned up to the latest. Chelsea and Mine left me heartbroken ): Cant wait for next. Akame n imouto fight 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Episode was extremely rushed. I pray this show doesnt end up like Full Metal Alchemist and they just derail from the Manga...because it seems like thats the path they are taking. 

 Yeah I just read the manga up to chapter 53 and it seems the show takes a different route. I can accept not putting the wild hunt (although it's arguably the best arc) in the anime, cause of it's messed up violent nature. But other important things could've been adapted in the show quite nicely. I hope the recent events weren't spoilers to the manga cause I love how it's tatsu/mine and not the obvious choice of tatsu/akame...and believe me Mine is pretty bad ass in the manga. 
 Yeah I don't read the manga but i've heard it takes a diffrent route. 

 Well...it's pretty good...gruesome but very good. The names are a bit different and deaths/events are very different from the anime. In the manga that priest dude foresaw something in the future of tatsu/mine...not sure if it was in the anime also...that he hoped it'll turn out different and he wasn't right for a change... So I'm putting my hopes on that...been a while since an event made me mad even after two days...Ow well 
 Yeah i've heard so. But honestly. From what I remember there's no preist. I still am so excited for next week though ! 

