http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152398-Anime-Music-to-play-at-a-Comvention-What-should-I-have
 Anime Music to play at a Comvention: What should I have?
 So I recently was able to do a little DJ'n at Youmacon this past weekend, and enjoyed myself. Though through all of the excitement I had forgot something vitally important... REALLY POPULAR ANIME SONGS EVERYONE KNOWS AND SINGS/DANCE TO! I should of had the Pokemon theme on me, but alas I did not. I already know to have some Hare Hare Yukai and CaramellDansen, but what else should I have. I'm not looking for trance songs, just those songs that makes everyone light up with a big smile when they hear it. So what should I have? 
 WHAT!???!?!?!!!?? NO POKEMON?!?!?!?!? That is rule #1... Pokemon themesong... Add some zelda/final fantasy/mario/anime openings e.g. naruto/bleach/fairy tail but... POKEMON! HOW CAN YOU NOT HAVE THE POKEMONZ? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured WHAT!???!?!?!!!?? NO POKEMON?!?!?!?!? That is rule #1... Pokemon themesong... Add some zelda/final fantasy/mario/anime openings e.g. naruto/bleach/fairy tail but... POKEMON! HOW CAN YOU NOT HAVE THE POKEMONZ? I had the Movie version and the theme from the games, but not the regular TV version... '(><;; 
 Pretty much everything from RWBY. I love it's soundtrack compilation. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 A bit of Mario would spice things up! 
  Spoiler https://soundcloud.com/kairi822-1/il...ne-ling-tosite 
 Originally Posted by Kuze the Devil A bit of Mario would spice things up! NO! Too overused. Its great, but just too overused. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Anime song that'd give me a big smile on my face to hear would be the 1st op for the world god only knows 
Trying my best to get to know people
 So I recently was able to do a little DJ'n at Youmacon this past weekend, and enjoyed myself. Though through all of the excitement I had forgot something vitally important... REALLY POPULAR ANIME SONGS EVERYONE KNOWS AND SINGS/DANCE TO! I should of had the Pokemon theme on me, but alas I did not. I already know to have some Hare Hare Yukai and CaramellDansen, but what else should I have. I'm not looking for trance songs, just those songs that makes everyone light up with a big smile when they hear it. So what should I have? To be honest, it really always depends on the person. And at a convention, there going to be many people, thus many views, opinions, and different tastes in music. Taking in the fact that it's an Anime convention? as long as its an anime song, you should be fine. Try to stay away from mainstream anime, though. I would have suggested anime remixs. But you're going to be DJing. So yeah. lol I see you mentioned caramel dansen. Why not try there other one? Damn those heads are creepy. 
 Evil is a point of view... God kills indiscriminately and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves. 
 Change and Ranbu no Melody from Bleach always pump up the party. Or at least my party 

 Anything from the beck and sailor moon soundtracks also girls dead monster (angel beats) are good too 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Play Hare Hare Yukai from the anime the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya. Play some K-On songs as well, some classic songs like songs from Rurouni Kenshin like Soubakasu by JUDY & MARY, A Cruel Angel's Thesis from Evangelion, some songs by T.M. Revolution (upbeat and techno rockish) songs from popular anime like one of the big 3. Vocaloid songs are also good 
  Spoiler Mayuyu's personal slave >3< "Look beyond the horizon, you'll see a carnival waiting for you and the reflection of what you used to be..." **kudos to the artist** 
