http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152423-Dating-Sims-Games
 Dating Sims Games
 Are there any Japanese Sim Dating Games in english (or have an English patch) for psp? Lately I watched Kami Nomi zo Shiru sekai, and this anime got me to want to try one and see how it feels to play it. So, someone could help me? 

 Might wanna look for visual novels then, never really found a good game that was marketed as a dating ism Try Katawa Shoujo or The Devil on the G-String 
Trying my best to get to know people
 Well, it is not dating Sims like you would get in The Sims, but Persona 3 on the PSP has dating sim elements. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 There are a few dating sim type flash games out there (note: some of these feature hentai) if you look around. *Drink Beer -$2 +1 charm *Drink Beer -$2 +1 charm *Drink Beer -$2 +1 charm 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Here ya go, OP http://vndb.org/r?q=&fil=lang-en.plat-psp Usually they're going to be called visual novels, not dating sims, so that might help you find them. 

 I have the Clannad game on my psp and I hear they have a downloadable English patch for it, but I never tried using because I'm afraid I'll accidentally disable my game. I downloaded an update for my Action Replay for my DS and it broke down on me. So sad. 

 I'm not super briefed on this topic, but aren't most visual novels portrayed from the perspective of a female? Also what are some really good ones designed with great plot and multiple endings? 
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean Now I am become BlackTemplar, the destroyer of worlds. Originally Posted by Oh Snap. I had a pizza slice yesterday that had so much oil on it, I was half expecting BT and Volk to kick in the door and try and invade it. I have seen things that even your darkest nightmares could never prepare you for. Not only that, I have killed them, and made horror itself stare into the eyes of death. -Warmaster Xander The Blood Born
 Nope, most VNs are portrayed from a faceless male protagonist, with various routes and endings with the various female heroines. There are "otome" games that have female protagonists who are more often being pursued by various male characters in their paths, though. I'm honestly not sure how prevalent they are compared to the more standard VNs though. Fate/Stay Night and Tsukihime by Type-Moon are considered two of the better ones out there. I'm sure you're at least familiar with the former if not the latter, since they've both had anime adaptations and some other spinoffs in other media as well. There's three primary routes, with the first route having only one real ending and the latter two routes you unlock after completing the previous having "good" and "true" endings. There's also like 40 or so different "bad" endings, which if you unlock them all gets you a special ending later on. If you use the Realta Nua patch, there's an additional final ending that pretty much works as a "good" ending for the first route and kind of a complete ending to the game itself. Muv-luv is an amazing franchise. The first game, Extra, requires you to beat it twice, obtaining the endings for the two lead heroines in order to unlock the second game, Unlimited. The first game is an incredibly stereotypical high school harem romance comedy kinda deal. Like, every joke you'd expect to find in that kind of series is there, but the execution is pretty well done so it's not completely unenjoyable despite how obvious some of the setup is. There's also four or five other routes if I recall correctly, with some of the classmates, and two of the teachers you can unlock, but they aren't necessary to get to Unlimited. Unlimited is the start of the "real" story, and while I don't want to spoil too much it's a complete 180 from the previous game. Your character, Takeru, wakes up in his house back at the start of the first day in the first game, but something is amiss. You walk outside and the entire area is completely in shambles, a warzone. There's a busted up mech crashed into the next door house. You find out pretty quickly you've awoken in an alternate timeline where an alien race has attacked and taken over most of the world. Your former teachers and classmates all end up as your squad and instructors after you join the UN military facility where your school used to be. It gets crazier and crazier as it goes and while nothing too terrible happens, the shift in the storyline definitely makes it clear how much bleaker this world is and how screwed humanity is. Anywho, this game leads into the third game, Muv-luv Alternative. Again, you wake up at your house, but you have the memories from your time in Unlimited along with the physical attributes (several years pass in that timeline) so you're a big buff military veteran basically. And you have a pretty good idea of what you did wrong that resulted in this groundhogs day situation so you go about trying to fix stuff, all the while the choices you make keep resulting in the timeline changing and events happening differently, causing you to have less idea of what's to come. It gets really dark and has been referred to as a PTSD simulator. It's very good but damn can it be depressing. Possibly my favorite VN though! So yeah, if you can struggle through Extra twice, I think you'd seriously enjoy the latter two Muv-Luv games. And the thing is, Extra basically sets you up for a lot of what goes on in the latter two games and is meant to get you emotionally attached to the cast to make the shift that much more tragic. 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 12-08-2013 at 01:19 AM. 

 second persona 3 portable, since it has action, a great story, and relationship options (u can befriend different kinds of people, and with the girls u get to choose if u wanna start dating or remain friends). one of the BEST psp games out there imo and there's growlanser IV: wayfarer of time, ive never played it but its an rpg with romance where you can befriend a bunch of girls and i guess end up with one of them =P other than that heres a site filled with all kinds of psp games, including a bunch of visual novels ported to and/or translated to english for the psp *removed* good luck~ 
 Last edited by Ian the Korean; 12-15-2013 at 07:29 AM. 

