http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?131611-Your-favorite-memories-from-10-years-of-A4
[General Discussion] Your favorite memories from 10 years of A4
 So yes, I am completely aware there was another thread exactly like this started in January by Cal. But given the forums are way more active now and we have a whole ton of people come back, I think it's worth another trip down memory lane - so the premise is simple: Share your favorite memories, events, things, and people from the last ten years here. And because I'm lazy, I'm gonna start by copy/pasting my entire list from that last thread back here:  Spoiler My first stint here was 2003 - 2005 and there are a ton of fond memories I have from that time period here: - Xerith, Dtp, Missfortune/your-girl-she's-a-renegade/whatever-she-calls-herself-now, and the rest of the people who made the original A4 Punk Foundation the most awesome club to ever exist in A4's history, before clubs were even a "thing" (And then subsequently no longer a thing). And it was ****ing awesome, yo. - Roxy (DistantSamurai) and KeithCourage, the two people (In addition to myself, if I can pat my own back here) who served as a constant counterbalance to all the trolling and hate and bad advice in PLD. If there was a thread there, you were guaranteed one of us would post in it with some legitimate attempt at actual personal advice even if the topic was mind-numbingly uninteresting or dull. - All the smiley ^_____________^ faces that permeated the forums courtesy of two people and only two people (One of whom quoted above, the other just mentioned as one of PLD's greatest posters ever). - A4 Council and all the craziness that came of it (One night in particular that sticks out to me was staying up until the early hours of the morning going back and forth in an argument with GTO about something I don't even remember now; damn that was crazy). I wasn't around when it went down the tubes and died out, so unlike most people who were part of it, I still have fairly fond memories of its existence. I kinda wish I hadn't left before that, though, because it turns out the very last thing the council ever did before it was disbanded was create F&G. - My first stint as a moderator, which was fairly short-lived (I actually removed myself from staff - both council and mod staff - the same day. You could actually do that back on phpBB, whereas vBulletin requires an admin to). - A4U! The first ever A4 newsletter! Headed up by Android21 and TaronWarrior (And later Kabobward, much to everyone's dismay), it was kind of totally awesome, and I had a piece in every single issue of it. - The old Final Fantasy forum, which had more clone threads than the rest of the forum. Combined. I can't even count how many times I answered the question "What's your favorite Final Fantasy?" - All the old staffers I remember so vividly, and most of them were hella cool - Daeowan, HybridCountdown, Zikar, FemmeFatale, joonavar, the list goes on here. All awesome up and down. Then there was my second stint, when I came back full-time around summer 2007 up through now. Tons of memories from then: - Raising all manner of hell with Miss Kitty given her and I made a return around roughly the same time and quickly getting on Clintonio's bad side. - Doing the first ever A4 Month with DDR Demon back in '07, which included a month full of events and the First Annual A4 Awards. - DDR Demon's super-secret underground club that lasted like..a day. Oh man, that **** was so great. To circumvent club rules and restrictions, he created what appeared to be some run of the mill thread in some random series forum (Slayers forum, I think?), sent out invites to people, and then we secretly used the thread to bullshit. Until symph caught us, that is. - The introduction of the Versus forum under F&G was easily one of the greatest times in A4's history. It took F&G, which was a garbage heap, and gave it a second chance at life, driven largely by Icare/Oh Snap, Darkness Beyond Twilight, and others. Probably one of my all-time favorite A4 memories is when we proposed that Versus secede from Fun & Games, during which I got to give a killer speech laced with my best southern drawl and put confederate flags in my sig. Awesome times. All you people who weren't here for this, you missed out. You really did. - The A4nament held summer of 2008 by Trinitus in F&G. He basically said, "Since every other contest is really just a popularity contest, let's just make an actual popularity contest." Everyone went into it all, "Oh, I honestly don't care about winning, this is just some silly contest." (Which we all know was total BS anyway, am I right?) except for yours truly, who went all-out presidential campaign style with banners, mass-messages, IM/VM/PM campaigns, and more. Would've been my top memory at A4 had I not come in second place to Lowell despite my ferocious campaigning with the aid of what were basically my top advisors - Miss Kitty, Yumi, and IcareAlot/Oh Snap. - Miss A4, a.k.a. the greatest competition in the history of A4. We still to this day have not topped the number of active user records, posts, and threads that were made in August 2008. Miss A4 is the sole cause of this. Oh god it was glorious. So glorious. For those who don't know, I basically created a Miss America style competition with 16 women chosen from A4's populace with the goal of giving them a chance to be appreciated (Given how male-dominated the A4nament was). They were asked questions in various rounds where they'd be put up against another girl, tournament-style, and based on their answers, were chosen to advance. The final showdown was between Yumi and Hells, with the latter winning and becoming the first, and only ever, Miss A4. The competition is fairly infamous given what started out as an innocent little contest turned into a legendary bloodbath as some of the sweetest girls you'd ever meet on the forum almost all simultaneously became obsessed with winning at all costs. There were smear campaigns, stuffed ballot boxes (And subsequent re-voting), a wildcard round, and some of the most over-the-top meltdowns you will ever witness. - All the A4 Event mania that was kickstarted by A4nament and Miss A4 - the A4 Matchmaker, the A4 Dating Game, A4 Trivia Game, and soooo many more. We even created an events group, headed up by myself and the wonderful (and long-since gone) Chastane, as we and the rest of the event staff pummeled the forum with events. - The big staff shake-up that made Shian an admin, Shannon a mod, Opace a mod, and, shortly afterwards, made me a mod as well. - The creation of the A4 "Dev Group" back when we were trying to make the forum all pretty and spiffy (And then two years later all you guys got out of it was a mildly-altered default theme. =P) A few more: - The Sugoi! forum, our secret hand-picked elitist cool-kids forum that most of you don't know about because you weren't deemed cool or awesome enough to be let in. It was basically the forum's country club where all the threads were trivial bullshit and all the Lifting Veils photos were of successful, beautiful people (And you were allowed to comment on pics without posting your own!). And I'm only half-joking. - Gamma's epic poem contest, where I wrote an absolute gem that won me first prize and beat our kidanarchy. - All of Johnny Couth's old song threads in the music forum. Dude was a pretty solid song writer and acoustic guitar player, and anytime he had a new track put together, he posted it up for us. I actually have mp3 recordings of all of them saved somewhere. 
 One of A4's Defenders of Prolixity! All Your Nerd: Come Get Yo' Nerd On. (Like to write reviews, articles, or make videos? We're looking for folks to join us!)
