http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159110-Jurassic-World
 Jurassic World
 Originally Posted by goji2099 [/I]Why does popular mean good? People love Transformers 2. Popular doesn't mean a damn thing in regards to quality. Friday the Thirteenth is simply a brand people recognize. People will see films out of brand recognition alone. Pacific Rim barely makes it's money back while Transformers makes a billion worldwide, despite Pacific Rim being superior in every fashion. Sigh. "Popular doesn't mean a damn thing in regards to quality". You should listen to your elitism talking. They were popular for a reason. In fact, if we are talking about popularity, I believe 8 out of 10 movie fans would agree that Friday the 13th was a better film than Transformers 2, so no, those fans aren't as blinded about quality as you seem to believe. Movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street, Black Christmas, and hell, even the Saw movies, we all know their production value is low and cheap, but that doesn't stop us from enjoying it. Do you not enjoy a hamburger because it was lazily made? It still tastes just as good, regardless of the nutritional value. Transformers 2, on the other hand, had not as much entertainment value to offer, at least to certain people. Some people likes flashy special effects that make no sense, and that's fine and dandy, while others like us likes the fun movies of an uniquely designed character (at least in terms of appearance) slashing away at some helpless virgin's throat. And hey, you know, some people even enjoy rape porn, having an understanding of a sexual pleasure that normal people wouldn't be able to comprehend because of our 'moral values'. So yeah, maybe it doesn't mean a damn thing to you, but hey, those technicalities you mentioned didn't mean a damn thing to me, so we're even. Some things mean a damn thing to you, some things mean a damn thing to me. Originally Posted by goji2099 Scream (and Scream 2) are actually VERY well written movies. Scream is a competent mystery with a variety of suspects, and the twists are well set up in advance. In addition, the self aware dialog not only adds humor but a source of tension; we know what to expect from horror films, this film tells us what to expect. And the killers find ways to turn them on their head. The characters have distinct personalities, and while they don't have strong arcs, they have dimension to their personalities. There is a lot going on. Why do you say the screenplay wasn't good? What about it wasn't good? Scream 1 gets cheap after a couple more viewings. The thrills of the whodunit was fun the first time, but after I knew who the killers were, it got kinda boring just sitting through a couple of crackheads making meta-humor about horror movies. And Scream 2 was just an obvious drop in quality, especially in its pacing in the last act of the movie, where the killer(s) were revealed. I'm surprised, though, that you liked the Scream movies and not understand the simple pleasure of enjoying a horror movie. How ironic. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
