http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157657-Is-the-PS-Vita-worth-getting
 Is the PS.Vita worth getting?
 So I was considering getting the PS Vita as there are some Japanese games on there that I would quite like to play. For those who have a Vita, what games do you play on it, how many Japanese games are there and would you say its worth buying? 

 That's not a 3DS, silly OP. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy That's not a 3DS, silly OP. ?? Please illiterate 

  Spoiler 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 @this guy - I believe ghostpanda is referring to non-nintendo exclusive titles. Of course you have to have a nintendo product to play zelda. That's a no brainer. @ghostpanda - all I could suggest is look up the list of games for the vita and sort through the rpg games. Then check out reviews and videos on youtube and ign and the like. If you are on the fence about getting one why not head to a gamestop or a big box store that has them on display? Kick the tires so to speak. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Has it been hacked yet? If not, no. If so, yes. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Struggler Has it been hacked yet? If not, no. If so, yes. No and if you find any out there claiming there is hacked firmwares allowing you to play backups. Then most likely it is a lie. 3DS are still more popular though. PSP is old but easiest to hack. 
 I got one recently, not long enough to see if it was better spent than the DS that I had, but I was looking at a 3DS and honestly couldn't see the value of it personally. I wasn't interested in the New Pokemon, not really interested in the Mario side of things, and some of the other games didn't engage me as much as I hoped. Vita does have some good titles, and there are a few coming out. You currently have Fez, Spelunky, Persona 4 Golden, Hotline Miami, Guacamelee, and a few titles coming out include Hotline Miami 2, Binding of Isaac Rebirth, Axiom Verge. If those titles somewhat interest you, then maybe think about getting one, if not, then it may not be a good purchase. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Vita was a pretty big flop so you're seeing a lot of hesitation to produce software for it. If you're sold on it already because of the current available titles then go for it, otherwise don't expect the library to take off any time soon. Regarding video games in general: you should always play on the platform you enjoy best. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Ok time to here some input of someone owning a vita and enjoying it. Lets see thay have the miku dance series with all of its dlc, Fate/Extra which is a amazingly good, lengthy game that is a spin-off from fate/stay night. They just HD remastered final fantasy x and x2 together in one. The Ys series is pretty good. Any psone games you remember haveing psn has them for download. The blazblue series is pretty awesome. They even have Chronophantasma. Ragnarok oddesy ace is a fun rpg stlyed hack & slash. Malicious rebirth is pretty awesome. There is a fairly big list of games ranging from all genres. Only one id say lacking is racing. The have nfs most wanted which is a near straight port that runs flawlessly but there isnt many others. The have a few good fps like killzone mercenary and borderlands 2 and a ton of rpgs. Id say its worth it. If you dont wanna get a brand new one check amazon. I got my first one there for 112$. Then i got White\LimeGreen second gen imported from japan for 269 but that was before the 2nd gen came to the U.S. 
 I got PSVita on release and it was disappointing game wise only until recent with an increase in JRPG games coming out so I'd say now is a decent time to get one if thats your sort of genre. Shooters don't play well in my opinion but all other genres aren't 'too' bad but not outstanding. I do suggest you don't get Borderlands for many reasons aside it being a bad port! My suggestion is that you read some reviews and watch gameplay of games you think interest you to give you an idea of what you'll get. 
I thoroughly disapprove of duels. If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet retired spot and kill him. - Mark Twain 
 I don't own a vita but I do own a 3ds and it has a fantastic library of games. Some of my favorite games of all time are on the 3ds. Ocarina of time, Link to the past, monster hunter 3, fire emblem awakening and the list goes on. Also smash bros on the 3ds comes out in October so im pretty excited. Im not sure how matches up price wise with the vita but u could easily get the 2ds(same thing minus the 3d setting) for a measly $120 candian. Like I said before I cant comment about the vita although performance wise I hear it out classes the 3ds. Since ur interested in Japanese games and Nintendo is one of the best Japanese game suppliers I would recommend it over the vita. 

 Originally Posted by Struggler Has it been hacked yet? If not, no. If so, yes. The only correct comment in this thread. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Alittle late to the thread but hope this helps a bit: I bought my Vita last year during Black Friday and I don't regret it. The Vita has tons of amazing games and doesn't get the credit it deserves. While I usually go with the fact that if you don't want to play more than 5 games (exclusive to the system) I made a exception with the Vita just because of how bad I wanted to play Persona 4 Golden and Gravity Rush. If you're a fan RPG-JRPG titles then you won't be disappointed. There are a lot of titles on the Vita that mostly came from Japan over here but the heavy hitters are things like: -Persona 4 Golden -Gravity Rush -Soul Scarfice -Dangan Ronpa -Hatsune Miku -Final Fantasy X|X-2 HD The library may not be like the 3DS but it's still pretty good. 
 The PSP is the worst handheld console ever produced. All the updates required, refusing to charge from the PC (perhaps this changed later on). Anyhow, sticking to my DS. 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 Originally Posted by hireshi The PSP is the worst handheld console ever produced. All the updates required, refusing to charge from the PC (perhaps this changed later on). Anyhow, sticking to my DS. uh this thread is about the ps vita isn't it????? The successor to the psp not the psp itself........ 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 uh this thread is about the ps vita isn't it????? The successor to the psp not the psp itself........ Still a PSP. 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 The PSP did really well in Japan though, it was one of the best systems even when the Vita dropped. 
 I would only want a PSVita if i understood japanese which would be the only reason i buy one for jrpgs. In this case for me i wouldnt get it. Besides there is enough of games to play on the 3DS. PS Vita though has pretty decent exclusive titles if you are a real Sony fan 
 Love my PS Vita, iPad (which was a gift), and the 3DS. Rotate them a lot. It's funny at work when I bring the Vita though, because no one knows what it is. LOL Anyway, I originally bought it for the Y's Celceta game, and then many new titles started showing up that I wanted. I'm very happy with it. Most of the good games for it have already been offered on PSN as well, so I rarely have to even buy new games for it. Gravity Rush, Soul Sac, Battle Royale, Persona 4 Golden, Dragon's Crown, etc. all great games to play during my lunch hour. (Yes I'm aware that some are on the PS3, but that goes to show you the power of the VITA) Sometimes a little Monster Monpiece if I'm feelin' a little naughty. :3 I'm especially enjoying SAO HF right now. I have Tales of Hearts R and Persona Dancing All Night to look forward to as well. Oh, and Project DIVA F2nd of course. Also hoping they decide to bring Ar No Surge Plus to the VITA for English. TL.DR: Yep, good system for Japanese games IMO! But again, I still enjoy the other portables. 
 I'm actually thinking on getting a Vita due to Disgaea 4: A Promise Revisited. It combines the game style of the original Disgaea 4 with Disgaea D2 plus all D4's DLC and a bonus story that unlocks 2 exclusive characters. I also know that there are some games who's experience can only be found on the Vita. Now, if I can just pool together enough money.... 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I wana get that one too, but I have Disgaea 4 on the PS3 that I already bought..it's tempting though. >.> I had sold most of my old PS1 and SNES games to fill up my newer libraries. Unfortunately a lot of VITA games are download only so I can't do trades for them. I'd say that is the absolute worst part of the VITA if you are a game trader. 
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove Love my PS Vita, iPad (which was a gift), and the 3DS. Rotate them a lot. It's funny at work when I bring the Vita though, because no one knows what it is. LOL Anyway, I originally bought it for the Y's Celceta game, and then many new titles started showing up that I wanted. I'm very happy with it. Most of the good games for it have already been offered on PSN as well, so I rarely have to even buy new games for it. Gravity Rush, Soul Sac, Battle Royale, Persona 4 Golden, Dragon's Crown, etc. all great games to play during my lunch hour. (Yes I'm aware that some are on the PS3, but that goes to show you the power of the VITA) Sometimes a little Monster Monpiece if I'm feelin' a little naughty. :3 I'm especially enjoying SAO HF right now. I have Tales of Hearts R and Persona Dancing All Night to look forward to as well. Oh, and Project DIVA F2nd of course. Also hoping they decide to bring Ar No Surge Plus to the VITA for English. TL.DR: Yep, good system for Japanese games IMO! But again, I still enjoy the other portables. I'll have to check those out. I just got my vita the other day. I like the sao game but I've only played a little bit of it...... Edit hey did they port Catherine on to the vita??? I know its on the consoles... Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I don't own a Vita but I'm thinking about getting a VitaTV in the future because there are some games that I want to play like Gravity Daze and Dissidia. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 As for as I know, Catherine is not on the VITA. I wound up watching the cut scenes all on Youtube for that one.. ^^; Very good story on it. Word of advice for ever gets the VITA, buy the protective film ASAP, you will not regret it. I got a hair scratch on mine and I was so pissed off! >_< The screen is very sensitive unlike the 3DS and iPad. You can easily spend lots on accessories and the memory card is quite pricey as well. I personally never play more than 2 games at a time, so I am regretting getting the 64 GB card. I think the 32 GB would of been just right. 3DS definitely wins when it comes to size expansion. SD Cards are dirty cheap compared. 
