http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152142-hello!!
 hello!!
 hi everyone i'm megan!! i'm not really too used to using forum sites that well, i mostly use tumblr really. i actually kinda decided to join this site on a bit of a whim, but it seems pretty nice here!! i'm actually pretty excited and hope to make a few friends on here!! 
 Welcome! <3 I'm still pretty new here myself. *smiles* 
​
 Welcome to A4 happy posting! 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
 Hello Noizy Megan, welcome to The Anime Forums! I'm new myself, and I can vouch for the friendly folk around here. Oh yes, who is the girl in your avatar? 
 Hello Megan. Welcome & enjoy your stay here. 
 
 Welcome Megan. Have fun on A4. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 thanks for the welcome!! i'm sorry for posting a reply that is kinda late, got distracted with something else. i can already tell i'm gonna like it here quite a bit and the girl in my icon is mirai kuriyama from kyokai no kanata, raven dove 
 Yo there Megan! Welcome to A4! What genre of anime do you enjoy watching? 

 Originally Posted by Raffee Yo there Megan! Welcome to A4! What genre of anime do you enjoy watching? i dont really like a specific type of genre, like, i watched a lot of stuff. but im a fan of mecha and i like fantasy type anime too, like attack on titan, fullmetal alchemist, magi. im pretty much all over the place you can say!! 
 Welcome to A4, you would most likely love it here if you stay long enough so make a lot of friends here and stay for a while 
  Spoiler 
 Hey Megan, welcome to A4. 
 Nice to meet you Megan. Hope you enjoy your stay here. When you need any help feel free to post a thread. I am quite new in being a part of a forum myself. 
 Welcome to A4 Megan! Im sure you will make plenty of awesome friends! Enjoy the Forums. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Welcome Megan! *waves* I'm pretty new here myself. Hope you enjoy you're time here. 
 Hello and Welcome to A4! Have a wonderful time here and be sure to be open to all different kinds of anime! And on the fifth day, God said "The meek shall inherit the earth... and watch nothing but Jump series." 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Welcome to Anime Forums! I have a tumblr too lol but, there's a lot of blood and some minor artistic nudity along with (animecatscartoonsartmemeslulzetcetc) stuff I generally enjoy. Anyway, hope you enjoy it here! Feel free to message me. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 Welcome to the forums! Hope you enjoy your stay here. Feel free to message me whenever you want. 
