http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120722-What-are-you-currently-Playing/page46
 What are you currently Playing? - Page 46
 Been playing Pogeymanz X off and on since last Saturday, and LoL as always. There are a lot of game I'd like to replay quickly, though, like FFIX, Suikoden III, and Skyrim, all of which I've played through who knows how many times. I'll probably play through them again in that same order, too. Skyrim is always the hardest to play through to "completion," as there's so much to do compared to other, linear, rpgs. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I've been playing Pokemon X as of its release. 
 HONK :O) 
 ive been playing pokemon y and also dynasty warriors gundam 3 
 {individual 3} - join individual 11 - join the revolution! 
 I'm currently playing: Pokemon X - Nintendo 3DS Animal Crossing: New Leaf - Nintendo 3DS Muramasa: Rebirth - Playstation Vita 
 Pokemon X and GTA V (PS3) 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 I've been starting Pokémon X and Y a little bit. I've also been playing Banjo-Kazooie, TLOZ: OOT, Diamond and Pearl again (shut up!) and John Woo's Stranglehold. 
 Persona 4 Arena. Gonna see if I can get a DS and a Pokémon game next month. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Playing Sentimental Graffiti except the fact that it has no damn translation. Also playing Skullgirls double team with Valentine with Filia I'm unstoppable! 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Im currently playing Assassins Creed Brotherhood its really great i beaten the rest of the older games so far 
Anime wallpapers www.otakuwall.com
 I'm playing Harvest Moon 3DS: A New Beginning. I only just started, and I can tell it's going to be a bit tougher than previous Harvest Moon games, purely down to the fact I have to eat and sleep at regular intervals. In previous games I pretty much ran my character ragged, but this promises stricter repercussions for doing so. Uh-oh. I'm also playing Pokemon Y a bit. Not so much now since I've gotten to the point I can beat the Elite Four & Champion with just my Blastoise and Yveltal. I kinda wish they did what they did in HeartGold/SoulSilver (I think?) where, once you reached the postgame, you could battle gym leaders/Elite Four again, but they'd have much stronger pokes. 
 Path of Exile - PC 
 I've been playing Black Ops 2 online for the longest. I've also been playing GTA5. :3 
 Rune Factory 4. Great game, lots of things to do and it's exciting as I want it to be. I love it! 
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove Rune Factory 4. Great game, lots of things to do and it's exciting as I want it to be. I love it! Hnnnnng I hate America. In England we won't get the game until "Q1 2014" >.> so probably September or something equally annoying, judging from the way they handled Rune Factory: Oceans. 
 I'm currently playing Grand Theft Auto 4 (PS3), I just completed the Street Sweeper mission. 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 GTA 5 hells yeah 
 SFxTekken SF4 NUNS3 Fighting game binge. 

 My friend got me Hatsune Miku project Diva F it's suprisingly fun 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Garrys mod and league of legends, like thats it. All the ****in time. 
 In reality, all men are sculptors, constantly chipping away the unwanted parts of their lives trying to create a masterpiece.
 Me and the bf have been playing Mario Galaxy 2 and wow they really amped it up from the first game. I remember the first time I tried out Mario Galaxy at gamestop and was floored by the 3D world and the fact that you could run upside down among any of direction on the planets. The 2 player is really fun and helpful. The second player can collect star bits, Grab things like free lifes, and even kick some bad guy ass. I would love to see a multiplayer option if they make a third game. 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 I am currently hooked on L4D2 not going to lie. 
 DynaBlade made this signature My Blog and YouTube channel :3  Spoiler http://www.hardpliers.blogspot.com/  Spoiler http://www.youtube.com/user/hardpliers Currently watching Sailor Moon
 I've started playing Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch (PS3), I just completed the Sneaking Out After Dark mission. (I bought the game for $20 New from GameStop earlier tonight) 
 Last edited by Toddler Naruto; 11-04-2013 at 10:36 PM. 
 My Anime List | My Video Game Collection
 PC: civ5 (with Madoka magica, attack on titan, NGE mods) sims3 World of tanks 
Understanding 100% of anything is impossible. That’s why we spend all our lives trying to understand the thinking of others. That’s what makes life so interesting. 
 I'm still playing space invaders but I can't get that last damn ship. 
 Been playing Dead Space 2. It was supposed to be horror but it really doesn't scare me at all. A bit disappointed. The story is interesting though, but feels like a Half Life 2 / Bioshock / Doom 3 clone otherwise, so far. 
