http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?116850-Lifting-Veils-The-Return-READ-FIRST-POST/page31
 Lifting Veils: The Return [READ FIRST POST] - Page 31
 good mornin  Spoiler [IMG][/IMG] 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/TucemStriso
 Hello again! 
 I haven't posted photos here for a long time. I've been sick for quite some time so I don't usually take pictures of myself alone anymore.  Spoiler 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 Everyone's so good-looking here! :-D Here's me ^_^  Spoiler 
 It's Been Quite Awhile, and no.. I'm not purple anymore.  Spoiler 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 Here's a pic of me from last summer, up at the Isle of Wight 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 Ahh now we know who we are talking to haha 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 It isn't showing up 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 Guys, just so you know we have a "no pic, no comment" policy in Lifting Veils. (Avatars don't count as posting a pic. You have to put it in the thread. ) Check out the first post. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 I was just commenting, that he hadn't in fact uploaded the picture. Are we not allowed to discuss, someones uploaded photo ? 
Instagram: NerdzNation Youtube: NerdzNation I am doing a The Wind Rises Blu Ray and DVD giveaway on my Instagram and Youtube Favourite Anime: SAO Death Note Love Hina Pokemon
 HAH finally managed it 
​rat
 Can't get more narcissistic than that. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 Haha. Okay, this was me on vacation some time ago.  Spoiler 
"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." - Akashi Seijuro (Kuroko no Basket) You can also find me in skyscrapercity, simtropolis, sc4devotions, the blue knight forum, mangafox, archives of our own, fanfiction, tumblr, blogspot, instagram, facebook and twitter.
 This was at 798 art district in Beijing  Spoiler (I know its an awful salute, but thats not the point 
  Spoiler 
 Well lets show myself after this while i guess  Spoiler Me on the left, my sister is on the right 
 Couple months old picture. Tried my best looking sharp, since picture was taken after we spent 2 weeks in the woods with 2-4 hour sleep per night. Just showered and changed clothes when we came to barracks and straight to picture session. But considering that I think I nailed it surprisingly well.  Spoiler 
 Found this pic just randomly from my trip to Vegas. Got a photo with some Kiss-look-alike.  Spoiler 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
  Spoiler Yes that's me, I have other pics but I like my badass self in this pic. 
 If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. --Lao Tzu 9/10/13-R.I.P Hitler dono #Nazisstaydead 
 Last week spa day  Spoiler 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 I haven't been here in quite some time. I have lost weight and start dressing more feminine. So pardon me if I misformat the pics.  Spoiler ^ My ex-girlfriend Kara and I when she did my make-up. I love the job she did.  Spoiler After a workout to lose just 30 more pounds. Proud of myself. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
