http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?116541-A4-User-Survey
 A4 User Survey
 1. On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your anime-forums.com experience thus far? Please state any additional explanation if you'd like. I would probably give it a nine breaching ten, I really enjoy my time here at A4 and I can see myself remaining here for a long time! The community is great and the staff are professional, unlike the site I used to reside at. 2. Are there any particular improvements or suggestions that you'd like to see made to the forums to improve your experience? If so, what are they? Currently I have none in mind, I think the site is fine and runs smoothly. 3. How do you feel about the current organization of the forum (That is, how it's structured, where things are placed, etc.)? Are there any things you'd like to see changed? Any things that are particularly difficult to find or unintuitive? As I said I find the site is fine and well structured, everything is easy to find and the sub-forums are enjoyable. Again I have nothing in mind that could improve the site at this point in time. 4. How do you feel about the current activity level of the forum? A) It's great! B) It's okay, could be better. C) It's pretty awful. 5. How do you feel about the overall post quality of the forum? A) It's great! B) It's okay, could be better. C) It's pretty awful. 6. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: The rules on A4 are... A) Too strict. B) Too loose. C) Just right. 7. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: The A4 staff values my thoughts and opinions and is willing to listen to me. A) Strongly agree. B) Agree. C) Neither agree nor disagree. D) Disagree. E) Strongly disagree. 8. How do you feel about the current A4 Staff? Do you think there are any improvements that could be made? They are professional and know how to look after a site, it's also nice how they interact with the community on a day to day basis. 9. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: A4 is a site I'd recommend to my friends. A) Strongly agree. B) Agree. C) Neither agree nor disagree. D) Disagree. E) Strongly disagree. 10. Select one of the options in response to the following statement: A4 is a site I foresee myself coming back to for quite a while. A) Strongly agree. B) Agree. C) Neither agree nor disagree. D) Disagree. E) Strongly disagree. 11. How many times per week do you visit A4? A) Once or twice. B) 3-5 times. C) At least once a day. D) Multiple times per day. 12. Any other comments, feedback, or suggestions you have for us? I don't wish to sound as if I'm sucking up to the site but all in all I really do enjoy spending my time here, I can see myself staying here for a while and posting a lot more. The staff are just and fair, the community is welcoming and kind. I would highly recommend this site to any new members of the anime community as it continues to aid them in gaining knowledge about both anime and manga in a friendly manner, the site also opens a whole new door to discovering different types of anime as well as worldly events. To sum up the site, I would say it is an all round decent forum for members to discuss almost anything (primarily anime!). 
 Last edited by Rhyme's Law; 11-25-2014 at 03:57 PM. 
見 ぬ が 花 Reality can't compete with imagination. 秋茄子は嫁に食わすな。 Don't let yourself be taken advantage of. Click here, join the sweet side! This isn't divine judgement, it's the work of a childish killer playing at divine retribution. That's all. 
