http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159527-What-s-your-top-5-Favorite-animes/page2
[Anime] What's your top 5 Favorite animes? - Page 2
 Can't believe DBZ isn't the top of anyones list! 1. DBZ 2.Nartuo 3. Yu Yu Hakusho 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
 Okay my turn. 1. One Piece 2. Hunter x Hunter (2011) 3. Steins;gate 4. Code Geass 5. Psycho-pass and cause it's worth mentioning... 6. Death note 
 "Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it." - Rider "if violence doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough of it." - Kenpachi Zaraki http://myanimelist.net/animelist/4xdblack 
 I found it hard enough to isolate just five, never mind put them in an order! So in no particular order... Naruto + Naruto Shippuden Sword Art Online Chobits Rumbling Hearts Clannad + Afterstory 
 Baccano, durarara, one piece, Wrath of the bahamut and oregairu.... That was hard!!!!! 
 This is a tough one to be sure 1. Black Lagoon Season 1 2. Azumanga Daioh 3. Outlaw Star 4. Welcome to the NHK 5. DBZ (More for nostalgia then anything but I gotta throw it on there) That's tough though, there are so many more then I would put on this list as being tied, but just don't have the room :P 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/transpup
 1. Full metal alchemist brotherhood 2. hunter x hunter 3. steins gate 4. gurren lagann 5. hajime no ippo pfff, so hard. honorable mentionings: baccano, code geass. Damn i could put 10 extra here even... 
 -Gintama -The Student Council President is a Maid (Kaichou wa Maid Sama) -Toradora -Eyeshield 21 -One Piece 
Its in the Making
 This is a tough question.. it's hard to not let what I've seen and enjoyed recently influence my decisions. I'm going to exclude movies and just focus on shows. Here is my list, of which I reserve to right to modify at any point in time. 1. Clannad & Clannad After Story (it's all one story so I'm making these one entry) 2. Aa! Megami-Sama / Ah! My Goddess 3. Full Metal Alchemist & Brotherhood 4. Kino's Journey 5. Bleach Bah, I modified and changed the order of that list at least half a dozen times. It's like choosing which one of your children you love the most, it's just not possible. I have so many more that could easily go in my top 5 (Elfen Lied, Cowboy Bebop, Chobits, Angel Beats, Kanon, DBZ, Gundam Wing, Toradora, Samurai Champloo, etc). Trying to not bias myself to much towards things I've seen recently is tough, so this is the best I can do based on what I can remember. 
 1. Major 2. One Piece 3. Hunter x hunter 4. Nana 5. Code Geass and Magi 

 In no real order: 1. Mushishi 2. Wolfs Rain 3. Monster 4. When They Cry 5. Steins; Gate 

 Top 5 anime would be.... 1.) 8 Man After 2.) Katekyo Hitman Reborn 3.) All Gundams (Cant Chose One cuz I love them all) 4.) Vampire Hunter D 5.) Hokuto No Ken This list was pretty hard since I like a lot of anime. I kinda went with the anime I rewatch constantly. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 1. Baccano! 2. Gurren Lagann 3. Monster 4. FMA: Brotherhood 5. Hajime No Ippo My top 5 list hasn't changed in quite some time lmao 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Right now my top 4 would probably be something like this, not in particular order. Inuyasha - Even though started watching it recently I have read it to about halfway and I can already tell that it will end up being my favourite top 5. Myself;Yourself - Best romance and drama combination I have seen. I just really liked how it was made and also the basic plot of them being childhood friends. Also good pacing with interesting but not too revealing mid point and incredibly addicting last like 3 episodes because of revealings. Nazo No Kanojo X - Really great romance and what makes it here is that it had it's differencies that seperate it from all the other romances. Shared emotion factor was used really well and I mean it's original at leats I haven't seen anything similar anywhere else. Sakurasou No Pet Na Kanojo - I will have to think it through after watching it a second time someday. But because it was really first anime that I saw and I liked it I have strong emotions towards it. One thing that slightly bothers me is that Nanami's and Sorata's realtionship felt really like forced one. I mean if they would have put more effort into giving it more viewpoints or somehow opened it more would have also made the ending better. 
 1. Oreimo 2. No Game No Life 3. Kuroko no Basket 4. Sword Art Online 5. Katanagatari (This spot could go to a lot of anime) Tokyo Ghoul Will be added to this list as soon as the series has ended 

 All tsun and no dere eh? 
 1) DB + DBZ + yes, even DB GT Everybody hates on GT, but it was comical and entertaining, and Gogeta is a bamf so mehhh 2) One Piece I didn't want to pick a bunch of well known anime but I can't help it with the ones I have and will pick. They all appeal to my sense of humor, morals, and fascination with badassery 3) Bleach DBZ was my first anime but this is the one that made me fall in love with anime. Johnny Yong Bosch is a boss Ichigo. I even watched the subs when I got impatient, even though I normally stick to dubs. Yeah the anime original story arcs kind of sucked in comparison to the manga arcs, but they weren't that bad...just in comparison 4) Ghost In the Shell (whole series) Terrific. Not a whole lot else to say about it. Cyborgs, cyber-brains, futuristic crimes, and lots of poignant philosophical arguments. What's not to love? 5) The Future Diary I've said it before, I'll say it again. It is the most insane and perverse love story ever imagined. Yuno Gasai is the most adorable yandere character of all time, and despite being gory and somewhat ridiculous it manages to stay a very endearing tail of two tragically star crossed lovers. That's a spontaneous 5, the order and picks would probably change if I was in a different mood. I liked Soul Eater despite the manga story line being butchered, Sword Art Online was and will continue to be fantastic (I've only seen the dub), Naruto has it's moments but the filler episodes are usually unbearable, and it definitely has it's lulls. Oh yeah, Rock Lee and his Ninja Pals can efffofff. Honorable mentions: Code Geass, Cowboy Bebop, Gundam Wing, Fairy Tail, Yu Yu Hakasho By far the hardest anime to leave out of my top 5. Hunter x Hunter, the first one (after all I usually stick to dubs). It starts out somewhat slow, but by the end you will have born witness to some of bamfiest of the bamfest underage characters in the history of anime (or in my case dubbed anime). 
 1. FMAB 1. Cowboy Bebop 1. Fate/Zero 2nd Season 4. Baccano! 5. Code Geass R2 
 Oh boy, this is difficult. However, my list has definitely changed since the last time I've made a list like this; 1. Gundam SEED 2. Attack on Titan 3. Sword Art Online 4. Inuyasha 5. Card Captor Sakura 
 Banner was not made by me. ----------------------------------------- Current Sig & Avi: Asuran & Cagalli from GS/GSD Current Manga: Attack on Titan & Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi Current Anime: Tokyo Ghoul & Aldnoah.Zero Current Music: SHINee, シド, & Empire Cast 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 Here we go: 5. to love ru that last one I wasn't sure about. 5 is tough. Wixoss gets an honorable mention here Does this one get better as you go along? I think I made it like 5-6 episodes in and ended up switching to something else instead. Every episode seemed so far off the wall and had nothing whatsoever to do with the episode before it. Does it start to get more of a running story later on? 
 Originally Posted by David the Gnome Does this one get better as you go along? I think I made it like 5-6 episodes in and ended up switching to something else instead. Every episode seemed so far off the wall and had nothing whatsoever to do with the episode before it. Does it start to get more of a running story later on? Do you mean to love Ru?? Its not really a story driven show. Not to say there isn't one. Its actually been awhile since I've seen it. I'd still recommend watching to love Ru, all of it. Its a fun ecchi rom-com with plenty of good action. Oh and you should watch the wixoss series. Its an incredible magical girl show!!!! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by Jellz 1. Baccano! 2. Gurren Lagann 3. Monster 4. FMA: Brotherhood 5. Hajime No Ippo My top 5 list hasn't changed in quite some time lmao I forgot about bacanno! It takes when they cry's place for sure 

 At the moment my top 5 is: 1) Fate series ( Fate/Zero and Fate/Stay Night) 2) Psycho pass 3) Neon Genesis Evangelion 4) Code Geass 5) Kill la Kill 
 1. Clannad & Clannad ~After Story~ 2. Blue Spring Ride 3. Kuroko no Basuke 4. Fate/Stay Night 5. Attack on Titan It's been kinda tough to pick 5 of the top among the anime I've watched. So this is not in any particular order. 
 5 is not enough youll soon know when you have 50 or so anime that youve seen that were so amazing you found it tragic that your friend has not seen them all its not my list but go to youtube glass reflection top 25-ish anime recomendation i dont agree with all but a big chunk of it. i say this because im to heartbroken to give only 5 
 1. Monster - A young japanese doctor in germany decides to save the life of a boy over the town's mayor, costing him a prominent position in his hospital. The boy, it turns out, is actually a horrific serial killer the doctor is determined to track and stop. 2. Cowboy Bebop - A somewhat episodic collection of stories from a group of space bounty hunters. 3. Now and Then, Here and There - a young boy suddenly meets a mysterious girl and gets sucked into her war torn, drought and famine stricken world where he's forced into a role as a child soldier. 4. Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood - two brothers try to resurrect their dead mother with alchemy, and the process goes horribly wrong, robbing one brother of his body and another of his limbs. They set out to try to restore their bodies. 5. Mushi-shi - an episodic series that follows a traveling mushi master, who helps those afflicted by little creatures known as mushi. In terms of pure series, these are my top 5. If OVAs counted, I think Full Metal and Mushi-shi would both be bumped down a spot to make room for Rurouni Kenshin: Trust and Betrayal. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
