http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151664-Misconceptions-of-an-innocent-mind/page2
 Misconceptions of an innocent mind - Page 2
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox When I was a child i think I believed in the most ignorant things in the world. Probably the worst thing of all is something I am quite ashamed of and even for a small child. Is the most moronic thing to actually believe lol. I was told by someone, whom I forget whom. That I was special and really really smart and if I tried really hard I could be anything I wanted to be and become a millionaire. I was told I was good at many things and could do anything. Being an innocent child. I believed them. The problem is that you stopped believing 

 @Smash, Oh, that is so fun, I used to always do that to my brother and sister. "Why do you think you always get in trouble and we don't? I told you you were adopted." 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 ^haha yeah, it works pretty good. I guess that's what I get for being the youngest. I would have done the same if I had younger siblings though too. 
 When my family was watching the news when they talked about gay people I thought that they said gray people! so I thought that they where talking about people who had GRAY skin color XD I was like "wow someone who has gray skin mane there's blue,red,and pink to!" yup its true. 
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox When I was a child i think I believed in the most ignorant things in the world. Probably the worst thing of all is something I am quite ashamed of and even for a small child. Is the most moronic thing to actually believe lol. I was told by someone, whom I forget whom. That I was special and really really smart and if I tried really hard I could be anything I wanted to be and become a millionaire. I was told I was good at many things and could do anything. Being an innocent child. I believed them. Wow. That's soo....pathetic 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Wow. That's soo....pathetic Only read this if you want too..lol.  Spoiler Pathetic? hmm...pathetic. Lets put my shoes on you and have you walk around a bit. Than when you realize how shitty life can be. Than you will see what I said is quite true. You don't know what pathetic is. Go back in time, Start from when you are 7. Than have everything you ever do or tried to do end up as a failure or mediocre at its best. Have everyone in your life from teachers and your parents send you to special doctors and have countless hours of sessions pulled aside to special class rooms with some other teacher away from the other kids and than have the realization 9 years later that its because your stupid. Than finally realize that teachers not paying attention to you and your parents not caring anymore by the time you reach 15 or so that its pretty much a sign that your pathetic. While all of this is going on, have kids twice your size or bigger and more than double your physical strength harrass you from grades 3-12 with you too frightened or out numbered to do anything about it and not a single friend of yours or anyone in the class room or any teachers or parents willing to step in and stop any of it or even make an attempt to correct any of it. Oh and while I am at it. As a result of all of this plus social quarks that you developed at early age. You will need to be sure that you never exceed more than ever having 2 friends at any given time. Loose every single one of them because they treat you badly or you chose different life paths, Ending up with super poor self esteem and along side of parents who don't care enough to teach you anything. Have no idea what deodorant is or you should be wearing it resulting in even more people ignoring you until you are like 19 and you finally wise up on that. So your 18 and wanna join the military. OK! Time to get your life on track....you failed the test....OK take it two more times and you finally passed! Its been 3 years and you bounced back and forth around trying to decide your branch because you cannot make up your damn mind. You are about the sign your final papers and than you are all of the sudden, from the signature of a doctor almost 1100 miles away. Are permanently banned from every branch of the military because you have a genetic disorder the military does not like.....fast forward 2 years. Your working in a dead end job and wanna go to college and try harder than you did before at school. Than you get all of your funding at your college of choice except you are 10k short of getting your foot in the door. Than you need a co signer for a loan because you don't have credit history and guess what? Everyone in your family tells you the entire time you have been signing papers and doing all of this that you need to just give up and your not good enough for this. They refuse to sign your loan as well as even help you in any way what so ever. This college also would had meant a free job while in college and helped you find work when graduated and had free tutors that could help you with your work etc. Basically everything a campus college would have. But no...that was robbed from you. Than fast forward until you are 28. You had 5 years of unemployment because you have no car and even fast food places look down on you like your not good enough to work for them. No matter how hard you try, how much you keep up on looking,smelling, acting and whatever as nice as you can. No matter how you act, who you act like (yourself or otherwise) what you do. No woman wants anything to do with you. You never even been out on a single real date before. Now you are working your ass off at a factory making popcorn for pennies basically and even the tiny glimmers of light you see in a dark tunnel you are looking down in will probably just lead to more darkness as they always have during your life. It took you almost until you were freaking 30 to be able to more away from your parents and even than that is gonna end up in disaster most likely and now.....now. You think back. On that one time when you were a small child and someone you don't really remember. Probably the countless cartoons you saw and childrends shows and teachers and that one time before it was apparent you were worthless in the eyes of the world around you. That your parents could had told you that you were special and really smart and if you tried hard enough, you could do anything or become anything you ever wanted. I want you to go back in time and have all of that become YOUR life. Than I want you to think back to that one time when someone told you that filthy little lie and tell me you still believe them. Honestly lol. If it were not for the one tiny positive aspect of my personality. My sheer unbreakable psyche. My ability to in a stoic and apathetic manner deal with any amount of emotional pressure. I would not be able to get out of bed. I would probably be in a psychiatric ward. But for some reason my psyche is basically unbreakable and I for some unknown asinine reason keep getting out of bed each morning trying. But really. It does not change the fact all that was a lie. My boo hoo Emo tear episode is now over lol. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Wow Shadow. Sounds like you (or the fictional character this story might be based around. I don't know you well enough to know for sure) had a hard time. But there are other avenues to which someone can apply themselves. There is more than one way to get into something. Not everything is out of your control. And... yeah. Back on topic: Another misbelief of mine was that we could live on other planets. When I found out I lived on Earth I was disappointed because I thought Earth was the most boring generic at the time. I wanted to live on Saturn. 
  Spoiler 
 I believed in hope as a child. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Only read this if you want too..lol.  Spoiler Pathetic? hmm...pathetic. Lets put my shoes on you and have you walk around a bit. Than when you realize how shitty life can be. Than you will see what I said is quite true. You don't know what pathetic is. Go back in time, Start from when you are 7. Than have everything you ever do or tried to do end up as a failure or mediocre at its best. Have everyone in your life from teachers and your parents send you to special doctors and have countless hours of sessions pulled aside to special class rooms with some other teacher away from the other kids and than have the realization 9 years later that its because your stupid. Than finally realize that teachers not paying attention to you and your parents not caring anymore by the time you reach 15 or so that its pretty much a sign that your pathetic. While all of this is going on, have kids twice your size or bigger and more than double your physical strength harrass you from grades 3-12 with you too frightened or out numbered to do anything about it and not a single friend of yours or anyone in the class room or any teachers or parents willing to step in and stop any of it or even make an attempt to correct any of it. Oh and while I am at it. As a result of all of this plus social quarks that you developed at early age. You will need to be sure that you never exceed more than ever having 2 friends at any given time. Loose every single one of them because they treat you badly or you chose different life paths, Ending up with super poor self esteem and along side of parents who don't care enough to teach you anything. Have no idea what deodorant is or you should be wearing it resulting in even more people ignoring you until you are like 19 and you finally wise up on that. So your 18 and wanna join the military. OK! Time to get your life on track....you failed the test....OK take it two more times and you finally passed! Its been 3 years and you bounced back and forth around trying to decide your branch because you cannot make up your damn mind. You are about the sign your final papers and than you are all of the sudden, from the signature of a doctor almost 1100 miles away. Are permanently banned from every branch of the military because you have a genetic disorder the military does not like.....fast forward 2 years. Your working in a dead end job and wanna go to college and try harder than you did before at school. Than you get all of your funding at your college of choice except you are 10k short of getting your foot in the door. Than you need a co signer for a loan because you don't have credit history and guess what? Everyone in your family tells you the entire time you have been signing papers and doing all of this that you need to just give up and your not good enough for this. They refuse to sign your loan as well as even help you in any way what so ever. This college also would had meant a free job while in college and helped you find work when graduated and had free tutors that could help you with your work etc. Basically everything a campus college would have. But no...that was robbed from you. Than fast forward until you are 28. You had 5 years of unemployment because you have no car and even fast food places look down on you like your not good enough to work for them. No matter how hard you try, how much you keep up on looking,smelling, acting and whatever as nice as you can. No matter how you act, who you act like (yourself or otherwise) what you do. No woman wants anything to do with you. You never even been out on a single real date before. Now you are working your ass off at a factory making popcorn for pennies basically and even the tiny glimmers of light you see in a dark tunnel you are looking down in will probably just lead to more darkness as they always have during your life. It took you almost until you were freaking 30 to be able to more away from your parents and even than that is gonna end up in disaster most likely and now.....now. You think back. On that one time when you were a small child and someone you don't really remember. Probably the countless cartoons you saw and childrends shows and teachers and that one time before it was apparent you were worthless in the eyes of the world around you. That your parents could had told you that you were special and really smart and if you tried hard enough, you could do anything or become anything you ever wanted. I want you to go back in time and have all of that become YOUR life. Than I want you to think back to that one time when someone told you that filthy little lie and tell me you still believe them. Honestly lol. If it were not for the one tiny positive aspect of my personality. My sheer unbreakable psyche. My ability to in a stoic and apathetic manner deal with any amount of emotional pressure. I would not be able to get out of bed. I would probably be in a psychiatric ward. But for some reason my psyche is basically unbreakable and I for some unknown asinine reason keep getting out of bed each morning trying. But really. It does not change the fact all that was a lie. My boo hoo Emo tear episode is now over lol. I'll do you one better  Spoiler at two years old i was diagnosed with brain cancer and after the operation and years follow up visits i was enroled in school where i too was placed in special ed classes. I was also picked on but it wasn't just because i was "stupid" or the fact that i was older than my classmates no the surgery had left me deformed with my right leg and arm being longer than my left, my head being too big for my body and permanently at a slant, my eyes being uneven and did i mention I'm fat. Flash forward too junior high where the teasing became soo bad that i attempted to commit suicide obviously i failed. Which brings me to today. I'm 23 and still living with my parents, The closest thing i have to a job is a volunteer position at the children's aquarium here in dallas, my mom still gives me an allowance and i have deep mental problems that I'm just starting to figure out. Can you believe I'm still single 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 STAHP!!! This has nothing to do with the topic of discussion. Argue over whose life sucks more in another place. 

 Fine bot. I used to think heaven was somewhere in the clouds. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Fine bot. I used to think heaven was somewhere in the clouds. I also believed this. I believed that hedgehogs could fire their spines like little sharp bullets. I believed being an adult was the most awesome thing anyone could ever do. I think the worst thing I believed as a kid though, was that the water from sinks, toilets, showers etc. was in fact rain water from Australia, because it had to come upwards from underground. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I think the worst thing I believed as a kid though, was that the water from sinks, toilets, showers etc. was in fact rain water from Australia, because it had to come upwards from underground. That's the best one so far! I also believed heaven was in the clouds. I also believed God was a man in white robes with lucious, flowing hair. When I was a kid, I also thought that I knew things better than my parents. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I could ****ing swear there was a special ninja episode of spongebob which took place in feudal Japan. I don't know where I got the idea, but I believed in it so strongly and kept telling everyone it existed and I pretty much got every kid I knew to believe that there was such an episode. 
 There was i time when i believed that rain was actually gods tears 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 The grossest one I used to believe was it was acceptable for people drink out of the toilet. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by wesleyv1 Fine bot. I used to think heaven was somewhere in the clouds. I used to think Hell was under the ground! lol. Also that cartoon characters were real. When my dad told me when I was like 5-6 that I was gonna go see a ninja turtle, I thought he meant the :real: one. I was so upset when I saw the guy in a costume. I told the guy straight up..."your not the REAL Michelangelo!" Because he wasn't a toon lol. So pissed off lol. Edit @randoms. ..w WHAT?! 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 I used to think that there was a person in an office with monitors all the traffic lights 

 Originally Posted by Stranger I used to think that there was a person in an office with monitors all the traffic lights Yeah they're called the CIA 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 I used to think that God was real, and was really terrified of hell. 
 Originally Posted by Volk I used to think that God was real, and was really terrified of hell. The terrifying thing for you now is God may be real, and you might be well on your way to hell. 
 Originally Posted by Mister The terrifying thing for you now is God may be real, and you might be well on your way to hell. What does this even mean? 
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Only read this if you want too..lol.  Spoiler Pathetic? hmm...pathetic. Lets put my shoes on you and have you walk around a bit. Than when you realize how shitty life can be. Than you will see what I said is quite true. You don't know what pathetic is. Go back in time, Start from when you are 7. Than have everything you ever do or tried to do end up as a failure or mediocre at its best. Have everyone in your life from teachers and your parents send you to special doctors and have countless hours of sessions pulled aside to special class rooms with some other teacher away from the other kids and than have the realization 9 years later that its because your stupid. Than finally realize that teachers not paying attention to you and your parents not caring anymore by the time you reach 15 or so that its pretty much a sign that your pathetic. While all of this is going on, have kids twice your size or bigger and more than double your physical strength harrass you from grades 3-12 with you too frightened or out numbered to do anything about it and not a single friend of yours or anyone in the class room or any teachers or parents willing to step in and stop any of it or even make an attempt to correct any of it. Oh and while I am at it. As a result of all of this plus social quarks that you developed at early age. You will need to be sure that you never exceed more than ever having 2 friends at any given time. Loose every single one of them because they treat you badly or you chose different life paths, Ending up with super poor self esteem and along side of parents who don't care enough to teach you anything. Have no idea what deodorant is or you should be wearing it resulting in even more people ignoring you until you are like 19 and you finally wise up on that. So your 18 and wanna join the military. OK! Time to get your life on track....you failed the test....OK take it two more times and you finally passed! Its been 3 years and you bounced back and forth around trying to decide your branch because you cannot make up your damn mind. You are about the sign your final papers and than you are all of the sudden, from the signature of a doctor almost 1100 miles away. Are permanently banned from every branch of the military because you have a genetic disorder the military does not like.....fast forward 2 years. Your working in a dead end job and wanna go to college and try harder than you did before at school. Than you get all of your funding at your college of choice except you are 10k short of getting your foot in the door. Than you need a co signer for a loan because you don't have credit history and guess what? Everyone in your family tells you the entire time you have been signing papers and doing all of this that you need to just give up and your not good enough for this. They refuse to sign your loan as well as even help you in any way what so ever. This college also would had meant a free job while in college and helped you find work when graduated and had free tutors that could help you with your work etc. Basically everything a campus college would have. But no...that was robbed from you. Than fast forward until you are 28. You had 5 years of unemployment because you have no car and even fast food places look down on you like your not good enough to work for them. No matter how hard you try, how much you keep up on looking,smelling, acting and whatever as nice as you can. No matter how you act, who you act like (yourself or otherwise) what you do. No woman wants anything to do with you. You never even been out on a single real date before. Now you are working your ass off at a factory making popcorn for pennies basically and even the tiny glimmers of light you see in a dark tunnel you are looking down in will probably just lead to more darkness as they always have during your life. It took you almost until you were freaking 30 to be able to more away from your parents and even than that is gonna end up in disaster most likely and now.....now. You think back. On that one time when you were a small child and someone you don't really remember. Probably the countless cartoons you saw and childrends shows and teachers and that one time before it was apparent you were worthless in the eyes of the world around you. That your parents could had told you that you were special and really smart and if you tried hard enough, you could do anything or become anything you ever wanted. I want you to go back in time and have all of that become YOUR life. Than I want you to think back to that one time when someone told you that filthy little lie and tell me you still believe them. Honestly lol. If it were not for the one tiny positive aspect of my personality. My sheer unbreakable psyche. My ability to in a stoic and apathetic manner deal with any amount of emotional pressure. I would not be able to get out of bed. I would probably be in a psychiatric ward. But for some reason my psyche is basically unbreakable and I for some unknown asinine reason keep getting out of bed each morning trying. But really. It does not change the fact all that was a lie. My boo hoo Emo tear episode is now over lol. Someone has been hanging around Lord Darkton lately, haven't they... 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by Pured I love the idea of being able to **** with kids and tell them fake things... My daughter asked what rumble strips were. I told her so blind people could drive. She accepted that for about 4 minutes before she said 'f you dad, blind people can't drive' 
 Originally Posted by Stranger I used to think that there was a person in an office with monitors all the traffic lights ... Isnt there o3o? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
