http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159547-Clannad-Visual-Novel-bugs-help!
 Clannad Visual Novel bugs help!
 Hey! I have just recently started playing the Clannad Visual Novel (Full Voice version) and I have started to notice some bugs within the game. I have looked all over the place for fixes on this, however most of it seems unhelpful/unrelevent and outdated. I have downloaded "CLANNAD Full Voice (English Version) [by selfDemanDeD]". It looks to be that the problem lies within the SEEN.TXT file. Is I've said before, I have looked for some fixes for this, but turned no results apart from one fix for a BGM. SO FAR I have completed Nagisa's route, Misae's route, Tomoyo's route and I think I am about currently halfway through Fuuko's route. Thus the bugs listed below may not be all, or the extent of each one, so if I find the bug outside of the ones listed below, it will be updated here. I have found a few bugs so far which I will list below and will be updated when I find anymore, so check back if you will for any other bugs to fix: Beginning - when the "girl" and Tomoya climb the hill, the text is still untranslated from Japanese to English. The translation should be "And so we being to climb" for the first bit of text, and "the long, long uphill slope" for the second.Nagisa/Fuuko route - Nagisa's name missing from nameplate AND when said by Tomoya (it appears blank where her name should be)[Seems to only occur when Nagisa is said - Furukawa appears when Furukawa is said]Nagisa/Fuuko route - Tomoya's name when said by Nagisa appears as "No valid string, make a ticket about it". [Like above, this bug only happens when "Tomoya" is said - Okazaki is present when Okazaki is said by Nagisa]Don't know how to describe this one, but early on, sometimes Kyou's text randomly has "Tomoya" in it. Unfortunately, I do not know what situations causes this or what text should be there, sorry. Fuuko route - prank names are missing from the box - some of them are there but other's are not. Their "Lv" and "Mastered" still appears though. [This applies for everytime a prank choice occurs]Fuuko route - prank mastery achievement names are missing from all the boxes.Tomoyo route - when Tomoyo kicks Sunohara, sometimes a textbox-like thing scrolls across the screen that is blank. (Looks the same as a Fuuko achievement textbox. EDIT: Fuuko route - future scene - "No valid string, make a ticket about it appears  Spoiler Fuuko route - When "Tomoya-san" is said by Sanae, "No valid string, make a ticket about it" appears instead.Fuuko route - "Tomoya" randomly appears in the speech box when Nagisa says "Fuu-chan" after Fuuko holds Tomoya's hands.  Spoiler I know this is a lot to ask of you, but I know there a few of you techy guys out there that would be willing to help an anime enthusiast, so I bid you the best of luck and the greatest gratitude ever if you could help me fix these bugs and make the visual novel even more enjoyable for me and everyone! Once again I thank you in advance for your had work and time! A copy of my SEEN.TXT file (current from 02 Jan 2015) can be downloaded here: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/69370592/SEEN.TXT EDIT: It also seems that there are certain things you need in order to edit it, I have tried making them work, but I have no idea how they function. Perhaps you techy guys will have some idea. rlBabel.dll - Not sure what this does, but this is what seems to read the SEEN.TXT file in RealLive (I am not entirely sure about this): https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/...92/rlBabel.dllrlDev - A program that enables the editing of the SEEN.TXT file: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/69370592/rldev.zipVisual Studio 2005 C++ runtime: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/...8.0Runtime.rar If it helps you, here is a link to the original English Localization project - it has files stored there that may help you: https://www.assembla.com/spaces/clannad/wiki 
 Last edited by Akuserareta; 01-02-2015 at 04:24 PM. 
 Leader of the Toaru Majutsu no Index group. 
