http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151412-Kyoukai-no-Kanata-(Beyond-the-Boundary)/page4
[Fantasy] Kyoukai no Kanata (Beyond the Boundary) - Page 4
 I enjoyed the first three episodes, but I gotta say....it is slow so far. That's likely due to the fact that this is only the beginning, but that aside, it is doing well so far. Good characters, a story with potential, fairly generic but still good animation style; overall, it's still moving a bit slowly for me, but I guess I'll just have to wait a few more episodes before I can call it. 
 "It matters not what we say on the Internet, but what we do in real life. Unless you do nothing in real life, in which case the Internet is all you have!" -Green_Smartie, 2013
 Love love LOVE this anime. I am a little bit behind on the episodes but I will catch up tonight. I will always be cosplaying the main character for a convention, making her weapon at home as well. 
 The anime is awesome. Too bad there's only a few episode and no continuation for the best 
"It's my choice to follow you forever." 
 I love this anime! Too bad it's so short. As much as I'd like to see more, I'd rather keep the ending as it is. (I'm totally cosplaying as Hiroomi at MomoCon ) 
"There are people in this world that enjoy being alone, but there isn't a single person who can bear solitude."- Makarov Dreyar 
 Just watched the first episode myself. While it wasn't the greatest first episode I've seen, I'm going to give this one a shot. Seems like there is a lot they still need to explain and the concept seems interesting enough. Hopefully they will explain more about the backgrounds of the characters. Can watch this while waiting for the new episodes of Kill la Kill and Log Horizon to come out. 
 Brilliant 

 Um how is this Fantasy, it should be labeled Supernatural 
 Originally Posted by Zoltor Um how is this Fantasy, it should be labeled Supernatural Sorry, but these threads are often posted well before the actual show comes on air, and we only have a limited amount of time in which the forum will allow us to change the genre tag (also later title changes that aren't immediate will not affect the title displayed in the forum list). So sometimes mistakes are made and cannot be changed after the fact. Looking back at the original post, I'm guessing what threw me off was the term "dark fantasy" which was used in the synopsis. I do my best to research as much as I can find about an anime from various sources (not just the one-sided view of one), and to get a better feel for the genre of the anime through that research. Though I admit in the past that I should have paid better attention to tags applied to blogs and lists, as they can sometimes give a better indication of an upcoming anime's demographic than the synopsis. I believe this thread was posted before I started paying attention to that. I have found easier methods of accurately determining genre since then. I totally agree that this should be Supernatural, and not Fantasy. Unfortunately though, it's too late to change it now. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned Sorry, but these threads are often posted well before the actual show comes on air, and we only have a limited amount of time in which the forum will allow us to change the genre tag (also later title changes that aren't immediate will not affect the title displayed in the forum list). So sometimes mistakes are made and cannot be changed after the fact. Looking back at the original post, I'm guessing what threw me off was the term "dark fantasy" which was used in the synopsis. I do my best to research as much as I can find about an anime from various sources (not just the one-sided view of one), and to get a better feel for the genre of the anime through that research. Though I admit in the past that I should have paid better attention to tags applied to blogs and lists, as they can sometimes give a better indication of an upcoming anime's demographic than the synopsis. I believe this thread was posted before I started paying attention to that. I have found easier methods of accurately determining genre since then. I totally agree that this should be Supernatural, and not Fantasy. Unfortunately though, it's too late to change it now. Oh ok, wasn't aware genre tags couldn't be changed(I knew about that stupid title bug though, omg that's annoying, but sometimes you get lucky, and that doesn't happen). 
 I found I really enjoyed this anime, plus it was made by Kyoani whose animation style I love! I always watch these animes then really want to read the novels, but I never do. :P Not much of a reader, but hopefully I will with this one. Does anyone know how close they stuck to the novel on this one? 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 Just finished watching the first season. Good animation, characters were likeable enough, but the ending was terrible in that it didn't answer anything. Does anyone know if its done well enough that their might be a second season? 
 The introduction of the first episode started in way too fast. Before i knew it Akihito was impaled, which made for a bizarre start. Determined, I finished the second episode but decided to shelf it. Great looking animations, but the story is not hooking. The characters look generic, and Mitsuki is just lifeless. 
 i loved this one,the story certainly piqued my interest but the highlight for me were the love story and the action scenes.It's so short,we definitely could have done with a second season. 
 Fantasy or supernatural, doesn't really matter if you think of it, considering how one is a demi-human who can transfer into a youmu when his body hit a certain limit, and one is a Spirit Warrior, who fights monsters no-one else can see... its a little bit of both, but it does tend to lean to the supernatural side of things due to the fact of the abilities the characters have. I love how the story goes and I'd love a second season... if that were at all possible!!! 
 Commander Duck 
 yeah,immediately after i was done watching,i ached for a sequel series and searched around frantically for news regarding the same,but to no avail.since then i have tempered my expectations greatly,but i still find myself dreaming of mirai every now and then. Kuriyama-san! 
 Took a break from carrying drywalling. Saw this thread update and was like "Ahhh, the ending theme was really good for that one. Great romance and light comedy too." 
 The special "Episode 0" was great. Love Mitsuki's baby pictures, so adorbs. Holy ****, Mitsuki's adorable as a babby-child. Y'know I'm being reminded of the other Mitsuki from "Saikin, Imouto no Yousu ga Chotto Okashiinda ga" with this talk of little sisters and older brothers and complexes. I like how the antagonist from the main series has a bit to do in this special...and the gun-halberd is featured also! Sweet. OUCH, how the **** did that ***** not get paralyzed from an attack so close to his spinal cord?! Aha! And the sparks for the initial character set-up in the actual series is lit...nice. AHH that excellent ED...so nice to remember it. OH WOW the special guest after the credits!!! 
 I loved the series, and can't wait for the movie! The combination of action and school life was perfect for me, and I loved the characters. Both the opening and ending songs were excellent as well. 
 After watching the whole thing, I dunno, it's just not one of my favorites. The animation is great, same with the voice acting, but the story did appeal me to me that much. There were some aspects that could have been more explained, which they could have gone into more, like the whole deal of how Akihito is immortal or how Mirai got brought back to life all over again. It's not one of those shows which feels like it's a step ahead of you and knows well how it's going to surprise you. Not only that, but the character design for some of the characters didn't stick in my mind, some of them didn't feel unique enough; Akihito didn't have that certain charm in his appearance that other protagonists have, Mitsuki looked simple and plain, Hiromi looked like a weirder version of Levi with an odd personality (and his incestuous feelings for his sister; whether they're a joke or not I don't know). I almost feel like all of the work was put into Mirai's design, because she is by far one of the most recognizable characters from anime to date, at least in my opinion... The only thing I really did like about the show at all was the ending theme, because that's a damn good song. 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
 I already finished this anime, it's great and awesome. 

 Anyone watch the specials with the idol judges? Oh the Toddlers make their return. Not a fan of how Akihito turned into such an abused character after being the MC of the anime. The first three of these were hilarious to me because of how absurd they were, but now it's a bit dull...and the anime knows it. 
 I wonder... is this dubbed yet? and is this any good? action wise? 

 That avatar is so metal...thing is the bewbs may be inappropriate. The action scenes in Kyoukai no Kanata were fanastic. Excellent melee battles and magic between humans as well as against the monsters. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
