http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152592-most-frustrating-boss-fights-you-ve-ever-had
 most frustrating boss fights you've ever had
 1. Shao Khan/MK9 To this day I still didn't beat the boss it's the most overpowered boss I've ever fought. It was annoying enough for me to scream at my tv also every hit takes so much health away and I can't even block one of his projectile leaving me stunned after I get hit 2. Marie/Skullgirls Instead of fighting she just throws projectile which can be really annoying as hell and it can take chunks of your health in the second stage but basically it's a boss that spams moves 3. Bed of Chaos/Dark Souls If you are not careful it can one shot you but that's not it the fact that you gotta travel all the way back is just plain annoying 4. Legate Lanius/ Fallout NV It wasn't bad enough that he was like a freaking tank but the fact that he had bunch of legionaries to back him up it was a pain. 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 tbh for me it was most bosses in ff8 my first time thorugh because i did not get how the juncitioning worked ( i was young ) and so everything was extremely hard outside of that never had a whole lot of trouble with bosses or video games.. i usually pick things up really fast and master it rather quickly aswell 
 As a child, running into Sigma's 2nd form in Megaman X was the most frustrating gaming task of my life. It took me countless hours to finally beat him lol 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 The boss ship from FTL is probably the most recent boss I found completely obnoxious. Although I guess that was close to a year ago now, back around Christmas last year, but yeah. Multiform boss with pretty significant differences in the stages and due to the rogue-like nature of the game, you can't legitimately save your game. So if you lose, you lose and start from scratch. 

 Originally Posted by alexuh55 1. Shao Khan/MK9 To this day I still didn't beat the boss it's the most overpowered boss I've ever fought. It was annoying enough for me to scream at my tv also every hit takes so much health away and I can't even block one of his projectile leaving me stunned after I get hit Yeah, he's one of the more annoying bosses of recent years. Not SNK boss hard, but still really irritating. On the other hand, I kind of liked it, since I love Shao Khan, and him being a real badass was sort of a good thing. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 When I was like 9 years old I played Chrono Trigger for the first time. I got to the mechanical dragon boss on the bridge, and his head kept healing him. I didn't know how to switch my target (I was 9 and it was my first RPG), and the boss kept killing me. On the last try I got really angry and started whipping my controller above my head like a cowboy, and then threw it into the wall, shattering it. I brought the controller to my dad and said "Dad, I broke my controller." He responded with "You sure did!" Other than that not much. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee When I was like 9 years old I played Chrono Trigger for the first time. I got to the mechanical dragon boss on the bridge, and his head kept healing him. I didn't know how to switch my target (I was 9 and it was my first RPG), and the boss kept killing me. On the last try I got really angry and started whipping my controller above my head like a cowboy, and then threw it into the wall, shattering it. I brought the controller to my dad and said "Dad, I broke my controller." He responded with "You sure did!" Other than that not much. Lol I remember that one, the Dragon Tank, it was pretty intimidating when I played Chrono Trigger as a kid, too. 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 Master Hand in Super Smash Bros. Brawl was really annoying in Classic Mode (on Hard). I was trying to unlock this character when I was in my preteens, and I was battling Master Hand with Ganondorf. Not only was Ganondorf my worst character, but he was also too slow to evade Master Hand's attacks or counterattack. Basically, I was a sitting duck. I eventually beat Master Hand in Classic on Hard, but I had to use Metaknight (Op). Definitely frustrating, but fun. 

 Originally Posted by alexuh55 2. Marie/Skullgirls Instead of fighting she just throws projectile which can be really annoying as hell and it can take chunks of your health in the second stage but basically it's a boss that spams moves She breaks so many rules when it comes to the game play. Grabs don't work. Half the specials you can do only single hit or fail and even getting close to her was hard enough. I think Painwheel is the worse for dealing with her as she's a slow attacker and you can't build up a good combo. Originally Posted by Ian the Korean The boss ship from FTL is probably the most recent boss I found completely obnoxious. Although I guess that was close to a year ago now, back around Christmas last year, but yeah. Multiform boss with pretty significant differences in the stages and due to the rogue-like nature of the game, you can't legitimately save your game. So if you lose, you lose and start from scratch. This is another one. I just found that I couldn't get the right combination of gear to fight the boss efficiently. I could get up to the final stage but just couldn't finish it off without dying. For me: - Dark Matter on Kirby's Dreamland 2 - The Time Eater on Sonic Generations (and I seem to remember Silver being hard enough as it was) Can't remember any others at the moment. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Oh, another more recent one was Garrosh Hellscream in Looking for Raid (aka Looking for Retard) on WoW. I think there have been much harder raid bosses throughout the patches, but Garrosh has a few mechanics that organized groups tend to suck ass at figuring out, so you'll get people failing to focus the mind controlled targets down, or get rid of the engineers, and all of the mechanics like that. The first week that it was available in LFR... oh man, that was painful. 25 people in the raid, 20 of whom had no idea what they were doing. At the end I had to shout specific commands at them in raid warnings for EVERYTHING they did, and after four hours of trying, people leaving, new people joining, those people leaving, yet more people joining... we killed Garrosh. I got a bag of gold and nothing else. 
 Originally Posted by BuddyLee Oh, another more recent one was Garrosh Hellscream in Looking for Raid (aka Looking for Retard) on WoW. I think there have been much harder raid bosses throughout the patches, but Garrosh has a few mechanics that organized groups tend to suck ass at figuring out, so you'll get people failing to focus the mind controlled targets down, or get rid of the engineers, and all of the mechanics like that. The first week that it was available in LFR... oh man, that was painful. 25 people in the raid, 20 of whom had no idea what they were doing. At the end I had to shout specific commands at them in raid warnings for EVERYTHING they did, and after four hours of trying, people leaving, new people joining, those people leaving, yet more people joining... we killed Garrosh. I got a bag of gold and nothing else. Haven't played the new raid, but randoms couldn't possibly fail harder than Spine of Deathwing...could they? Oh god. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 In my long list of accomplishments it was the journey towards the bosses that were more difficult than anything. Just trying to navigate the streets in Ninja Gaiden Black was a pain in the rear Super Mario Bros 3- there's a well known way to get 99 lives that's legit but the last world will eat up most of them however Bowser is like a piece of pie. Halo Reach- legendary solo on Pillar of Autumn, lots of patterns sure but taking cover doesn't always help they'll just show up and rape you in the back, yes even after you've died. GTA Vice city- The Escape mission, oh yeah our guy is in prison but no problem let me just break him out! TMNT- for the NES, you know the one, I'm talking about the underwater timed marathon you have to swim with electric flowers everywhere leaving you with about a paper's thin amount of space to navigate safely. Castlevania- nes, before the grim reaper there are axes coming straight at you and flying meddusa heads going up and down, never ending. I only know you fight the grim reaper because I watched a video I never actually ever got to face him myself. 
 Originally Posted by Struggler Yeah, he's one of the more annoying bosses of recent years. Not SNK boss hard, but still really irritating. On the other hand, I kind of liked it, since I love Shao Khan, and him being a real badass was sort of a good thing. He was being a douche instead of beaing a badass is not bad enough he beats the crap out of me but he insults me also. Man that pisses me off 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 I don't know how it is now that the Director's cut is out, but Deus Ex:HR was absolutely obnoxious with its bosses. The game allows you to kind of play the way you want, stealth, full on Rambo, some mixture, non-lethal, lethal, hacking centric, but when it came to the bosses you were kind of forced to fight them a certain way. The few times you had other options in a boss fight you had to have selected the right upgrade path to utilize them. I can remember dying countless times at one boss because I thought you were supposed to interact with something that would kill you if you didn't have the right upgrade. I just gave up on one of the latter bosses and watched the game's ending on youtube. Galamoth from Symphony of the Night. I cheated by using the Shield rod + Shield combo. I justify it because **** that constant barrage of electricity he uses. The rockmonster from Wiley's castle in Megaman 2. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Most frustrating boss fights hmmm.... 1.) Not really a boss fight, but capturing that stupid red dragon in Skyrim. Only because I didnt know you had to just capture it. I kept thinking I had to weaken him. Died like 30 times before I finally looked at the ceiling and saw the trap. 2.) Weigraf (Final Fantasy Tactics PS1) - F**k you weigraf. The only boss in that whole game the literally had me stuck for a long time. He was so cheap and hit so freaking hard. Then after you kill his human form his demon form finshes you off before you can even heal back up. F**k you weigraf 3.) Sephiroth (Kingdom Hearts PS2) Im glad he wasnt this hard and annoying in FF7. 4.) Final Boss Knight? (Trojan NES) All he does is block, move forward and smack you with is overly long sword. 2 hits and your dead, and on top of that, his sword attacks are crazy fast. Only way to beat him is to keep jumping and mashing your controller for dear life and hope you connect before he connects with you. 5.) Zeromus (Final fantasy 4) Out of all the final fantasy bosses, he gave me the most headaches, and probably made cus the most. Still havent beaten him to this day. Currently on my list as Im playing FF4 as we speak. Wish me luck. lol. There are couple more but I cant think of them right now. Ill get back to you on that one. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 Oh this is easy. SNK bastard syndrome aside (can throw in Bison from Alpha 3 as well....gawd, what a complete tosser he was in that. 'Oh you managed to block the Psycho crusher super did you? That'd be roughly over half your health bar plz) its gotta be the Colossus from God Of War 2. Yes, the first boss. For those that solely play sh1tty RPG's and all that junk, its basically a giant statue that comes to life and molests you throughout the stage and there's 3 OR 4 sitchs where you have to go head to head followed by the final confrontation where you go inside him and give him indigestion from hell. Anyways, proir to this, he'll hunt you down and try to crush you like a bug with his foot. To get out of it, you have to repeatedly push a button(s) to push him away. Usually. In this particular moment, you have to repeatedly press both the shoulder buttons, R1 and R2. What was that I hear you say, 'those buttons have almost zero resistance and are meant to be held down or used for precision?' Exactly. Died more times then ****ing Kenny and I thought the game was trolling. Actually wrecked the shoulders buttons on at least one pad getting past that bit. Even though it was hella fun, I've never redone that bit for obvious reasons. Also, not a boss moment but, Chun Li kicked my ass so many times in Street Fighter 2. See that rock? You have no idea how long (and how much change) I spent trying to pick it up. No, down and punch didn't work. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Going a bit old school here, but the ones that really pop up in my mind: Chaos - Final Fantasy 1 final boss. Had a hell of a time keeping my guys alive since he kept using "Rub" (1 hit KO). Should have had a White Wizard to cast Invisible on my team... Si Ma Yi - Destiny of an Emperor final boss (leader of a 6 man general fight). Notorious for healing larges amounts of health to himself and to team, and wielded some hardcore tactics. Didn't help one of his other generals had "Ann Sha" which was a 1-hit KO (this game, you can't revive during a fight). 
 Maybe the most annoying boss fight so far is Final fantasy 4's boss. Also I had some problems in Final fantasy Tactics: The war of lions, it was not a boss fight, but you needed one special skill to kill this monster, and I didn't have it. So I started the game again, because of that. 
 The mysterious figure, last hidden boss from KH:BBS. All of his attacks reduced HP into almost zero (to be precise, 1 if you have the correct ability). How can that not be frustrating? 
 “Life is a process--just one thing after another. When you lose it, just start again.” ~OSU! Profile~ 
 1. Kintaro / Shao Khan - MKII I beat Kintaro one time and never beat him again after getting my ass wiped off the face of the planet by Khan. 2. The second to last boss on Ninja Gaiden II....MAN that thing made me rage quite so many times. 3. that last door guardian guy on Okami - Not really a boss but it seems like it should be. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 The Four Kings/Dark Souls (New Game +) - A boss fight where more bosses spawn in after you kill the first or at the same time if you take too long. Add to that the fact that you have to take off one of your rings and that the bosses do magic damage (nullifying your phys. defense). Oh yeah and they spawn in faster if you summon other players.... 
Grinding to Eternity
 Originally Posted by Aoshi112 The Four Kings/Dark Souls (New Game +) - A boss fight where more bosses spawn in after you kill the first or at the same time if you take too long. Add to that the fact that you have to take off one of your rings and that the bosses do magic damage (nullifying your phys. defense). Oh yeah and they spawn in faster if you summon other players.... Try Ornstin and Smough on NG+ I can never get past them without help from other players... But yea Four Kings can be a pain if you don't kill them off quickly 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 you know what was hard. the elite for in pokemon red when i was a kid and i know that sounds lame but it was 5 fights no healing against strong pokemon. took forever i remember especially when i beat the forth and was like oh ya and then gary shows up like no its the elite five now so fack you 
 Omg, this is gonna sound stupid, but Corvus from dragon quest IX on the last level - I was like, ten and couldn't get past it! 

 As a boss, probably the final boss battle with Ansem in the first kingdom hearts. I was young, I didn't even realise you could switch keyblades until I got to him and I was about level 38 when I first attempted to beat him. Needless to say he made me feel rather frustrated :P Other than that, most bosses in final fantasy XIII, not because of the bosses themselves but because of the amount of time to defeat them, it was ridiculously simple. Button mash x, paradigm change, rinse and repeat. 
