http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159297-Life-as-an-Artist
 Life as an Artist
 Hello A4 Residents, Its great to be back on A4. I use to have a blast on here for years and years. I just wanted to keep everyone updated on what's going on in my life and where i've been for the last few years. Well, i'm currently a Junior in college. I attend a historically black college university called Prairie View A&M, in Texas. I'm getting a degree in Arts, with a focus in Acting. That's where i've been for so long, the Uni life has taken over and being trained in acting and in theatre period is not easy. Growing up i was always told to follow my dreams so that's what i'm doing. Even though my life is really challenging right now, i'm really enjoying the opportunity to take the initiative to be an artist. One of my life goals as an Artist is to help change the world through Art, showing the world life lessons and powerful messages through what i do. I've been in 4 main stage theatre productions in the last few years. "Jelly's Last Jam" by George C. Wolf, "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by William Shakespeare, "The Piano Lesson" by August Wilson, and i've just finished a production called "Black Nativity" by Langston Hughes. 2 out of the 4 were musicals. Very soon i plan on moving to either New York, or California to maybe get an MFA degree in Acting or just to find work. I'm really interested in going to Hollywood. I also just finished directing my own show called "Sorry, Wrong Number" by Lucille Fletcher and it was really awesome. Anyway, it feels great to be back to connect with old and new friends. I have been "trying" to keep up with my Anime! If you have any questions, please feel free to let me know. And to those who don't know me, you can call me Neji but i have several Nicknames lmbo, ask around. There are plenty of stories to tell. 
  Spoiler Everyone Believes in me and calls me a Genius. Thats the reason why I Cannot Lose. ~Genius Originally posted by FROIDBUSTER It's nights like these that I wish we still had tinychat and Neji. Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ You know he's a Genius right? You think locks can stop that schlong? Originally posted by ^_Elysium_^ Exactly, all you social inepts need to become Neji. 
