http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?107949-Whats-your-daily-excercise/page13
 Whats your daily excercise? - Page 13
 I do Pullups, dips and skipping every twice a day. 
I want to play free online casinos
 Deep breathing, stretches, and some regular old calisthenics a la Charles Atlas. Sometimes, I pick up a dumbbell or kettlebell and crank out a few reps. 
"They drew first blood, not me." - John Rambo
 Since I live in Florida it's always pretty humid. My favorite exercise would have to be swimming and I swim for about an hour. During the fall however I enjoy bike riding or taking walks. 
 I use the exercise bike for 60 minutes. I try to do it everyday. I manage 40 minutes. I do resistance training 3 times a week. I'm not particularly that fit. 
 fapping to hentai and all sorts of other porn is how I exercise my forearms everyday...no seriously it is how I do it. I tend to walk 5 km everyday for 45 minutes for my daily exercise. 
 Everything I do every day is my daily exercise. I don't do anything special. School is a 1 mile walk so that is it, I guess? 
 My Anime List
 I do an hour of jogging every morning. I also take a martial art class so I think that counts as an exercise too. 

 I am a worker so i work hard. But when i was child like you i just runt. Always run people. Never walk. Always run. Try to fly. Dive in to air. And if you are making bulk up, dont push it too hard bcause this is kills your muscles. When you feel a little bit tired just rest for hours and return to excersise after rest. Rest again and work again; rest, workout, rest, workout.. Bcause acid burns you. You must take out this acid by drinking water and taking a piss. And when acid is gone make workout again until you have some acid. Acid is dangerous, if you workout too much, your muscle will burn and become unable to use for 2 days. 
  Spoiler Watch the video of her by clicking to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duiPO...tailpage#t=486 I need permanent love. I need to escape from my homeland. Bodies are just shell and gender is not important. I am just alone and this is boring as death.. And now, stop wasting my youth! Am i troll? No. Did i harm you? Never. I am harmless, so please love me. If you cry, i will cry more
 I now do 300 pushups a day, and 150 situps. 

 Originally Posted by Red_Dragon I now do 300 pushups a day, and 150 situps. Why ¬_¬ You would do better to do 5 pushups insanely slow. Plus doing situps and pushups only works a small muscle group, so i hope this is not all you are doing. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Originally Posted by 曾気青昭雄 Akio Why ¬_¬ You would do better to do 5 pushups insanely slow. Plus doing situps and pushups only works a small muscle group, so i hope this is not all you are doing. This is all I am doing, but since then I feel a lot more agile. I already have a decent sized body, so I just have to sculpt my body rather than gain weight and lifting weights. 

 I usually walk for about a hour a day, ever since college started that's a must now for me 

 Daily exercise- GAMING,Food,Soda,Sleep and more junk GAMING,Food,Soda,Sleep then repeat. 

 Nothing.Just sit in front of my computer and watch anime is all. 

 Lol. Well, I like to walk my dog. <3 Who i brought home with me from the shelter earlier this year when my kitty passed away sadly. And I try to do stretches and some cardio most every morning shortly after I wake up. ^_^ I also, love roller blading, swimming, and riding my bike every now and then too..if that counts! 
 
 I reallllly need to get into a better work out routine. About 5 days a week.. Right now I do 40 regular crunches, 40 side to side crunches, 25 each of 2 different kinds of squats, 25 arm dips, and then a few other arm strength excercises that I feel like doing. And if I'm felling it I'll do lunges too I have zero cardio right now and even the strength training I do doesn't really challange me... I need to stop being so lazy. But I hate hate running and most cardio in general. I just suck at it and I don't improve no matter how much I've done it/pushed myself. It's frustrating and miserable. Ive bought a jump rope and I'm going to give that a go to work into my routine. We'll see. 
  Spoiler 
 Some days I just run around doing nothing, I might pick up rocks and throw them. On normal occasions I can be found slashing bushes for the extra rupee one may have lost. Yet I seem to be finding myself in most troublesome and tiring dungeon fights, leading up to my end night at lon lon ranch drinking moo moo milk until I forget all that I know. One night I got so worked up I found myself under arrest. Heres a screeny;  Spoiler I wish for a normal day yet they always end with me dying and coming back to life....sigh 
 In reality, all men are sculptors, constantly chipping away the unwanted parts of their lives trying to create a masterpiece.
 Walk, talk, jog, pushups and situps. Hope to sign up for gym work in a month or two. 
