http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159904-Top-5-Anime-you-would-like-me-to-watch-(-Trying-for-a-huge-list-here)-xp
[Anime] Top 5 Anime you would like me to watch...( Trying for a huge list here) xp
 These are not my personal top five but rather a bunch of anime I feel any anime enthusiast should watch. 1. Cowboy Bebop: This should go without saying. Bebop is a show that is basically impossible to dislike Combining light hearted space adventure with neo noir in perfect symbiosis to form a show that's fun for everyone. Now not everyone agrees that it's the greatest show evar. Me being of that opnion for starters. But at the very least it's one hell of a ride. Also don't forget to check out the movie as it's as good as some of the show best episodes. 2. Samurai X - Trust & Betrayal: Chanbara is a very popular manga genre but in anime you rarely see it done right. Which is what makes this movie so damn good. It's a classic tale of love and revenge in the vein of Akira Kurosawa's work. Laden with deep themes and rich dilaogues while also never skimping on the action. A deep moving film and an unforgettable masterpiece that proves that not all Samurai anime has to be dumb action. 3. Serial Experiments - Lain: Anime, especially anime made for tv, for the better part of the 90s was mostly seen as a form of entertainment and soemthing that was by and large for children and teenagers. However all that changed with this show that proved once and for all that anime can also be an art form. It's incredibly smart, well written and even to this day is virtually unmathced in terms of it's visuals. It's not something that's easy to understand and you may need several viewings to really get it but it is very much worth watching as not only did it almost single handedly launch the avant garde genre. It also still stands as one of the finest anime of it's kind. 4. Neon Genesis Evangelion: The show that redefined the mech genre. No more blocky Gundam thingies and light hearted adventure. Suddenly mech anime could be used to tell an intelligent and thought provoking story. The show is heavilly flawed however as it moves from a sincere shonen series to lighthearted comedy to conspiracy thriller to psychological mind****. And while others of it's sort such as for instance RahXephon or to a lesser extend Lain have surpassed it. Those shows wouldn't have existed had NGE not lain the ground work, 5. Ghost in the Shell - the 1995 movie: This is a somewhat more personal recommendation as this movie is why I first got into anime in the first place. But then I am not alone as this was one of the films to popularize anime in the west. But more than that it also happens to be one of the finest cyberpunk action thrillers out there. And not just in terms of anime. Visually too this movie is among the best there are So much so even that the Wachowski borhters sought to recreate it for their own movie The Matrix. And if you thought that was a thought provking film. Wait till you see Ghost in the Shell. It's Blade Runner but smarter and deeper and anime. 
 Last edited by Kerberos; 02-04-2015 at 07:22 AM. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
