http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?111542-If-there-was-any-remaining-doubt-as-to-what-the-browser-is-capable-of
 If there was any remaining doubt as to what the browser is capable of
 HTML5 will be awesome. On the other hand, I really wish that we'd go away from HTML and go more in the direction of the semantic web. Using XML to write our webpages and then transforming the XML into a presentation language like HTML. It would be better for the web as a whole, and it would make it possible to do much more revolutionary and interesting things than playing quake2 in a web browser. (Seriously, am I the only one who thinks that playing games on the web is a quite stupid thing?) HTML5 looks awesome though, but be aware that it'll be a loooong time before developers can actually start using it. We -still- have to write code to keep things IE6 compatible, and as long as that huge piece of junk of a web browser is still around...using HTML5-features will just not be very viable from a business-perspective. I just had a project at work where we delivered a web-product where we had actually gotten an approved specification where it said "will work in [insert a lot of web browsers here that are -not- IE6]". We developers cheered at the notion of not having to care about IE6...then halfway through the project the customer realised that everyone in his company was still only using IE6 and managed to give the management enough money to redefine the specification. We developers truly -hated- the management for going "Oh, but you just have to fix so it works in IE6 now, that shouldn't be much of a problem, right? It's just a web browser, the web is the web, right?". As long as IE6 is not truly and utterly dead, HTML5 will be a nice dream that no one will be able to use to its full advantage. Also, I so wish that we could all start using XML instead for the web so it'd be possible to do some -useful- automatic parsing and traversing of the web... 
CURRENT STATUS: Attempting to figure out a better way put smuggle strawberry cupcakes into Vampire_Lowell's pants. -The not-so-invisible ex-admin in self-imposed exile-
