http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159599-Homophobe-Overused
[General Discussion] Homophobe: Overused?
 Originally Posted by Grey The problem with marriage is that its not just a word or something two people do because they like each other enough. There are tons of federal benefits and rights that come with marriage. Not allowing two consenting adults to marry is denying them those rights that others are allowed to have. Its bald-faced discrimination. I used to have the same stance as you did when it came to marriage but I realized that if you value equality for everyone then there is no neutral stance. Thousands of species of animals engage in homosexuality. From primates to worms there has been scientific documentation of animals that engage in homosexual, bisexual, and even non-reproductive sex. In some species homosexuality has been observed in more than 60% of the population. Homosexuality is actually more common in nature than in human beings. That's about as natural as it gets. The fact that it makes you feel icky doesn't mean that homosexuality is abnormal. Yea, it is abnormal. If it were normal, there wouldn't be an entire movement dedicated to legalizing it. If it were natural, it'd already be legal. If it were natural, so many people wouldn't feel so uncomfortable around a bunch of gays, since it's a natural thing. I'm far from the only who who'd get uncomfortable. You act as if 60% of the human population have engaged in homosexual actions. I doubt that. Even counting closet homos, the number is probably less than 20% of the population. Hell, it's probably less than 10% In those animals, how many try to be together for life? How males choose a male if there's a female choice? Where are those documents? That number's close to 0. Animals do it off instinct. If they can't find a female, they'll resort to other males. They won't bone another male if there's a female waiting for him. Comparing choices to instinct is dumb. Humans don't do anything off instinct. Everything we do is a choice. There's proof that your sexuality is a sub-conscious choice, not some gene. Your sexuality can change. I have yet to hear information of scientists discovering a gay gene. I have yet to hear info that it's normal to have homosexual thoughts, and engage in homosexual actions. Hell, suicidal thoughts are more normal than homosexual thoughts, and I doubt those animals you're referring to have thought about killing themselves I used to be all for gay marriage. Absolute equality, right? If they want to marry, let them marry. However, after seeing people brutally attacked for expressing their valid skepticism, by the same people who preach tolerance and open-mindedness, I jumped off and refused to be a part of it. I'm not supporting a hypocritical community, regardless of the cause. Like I said, I don't hate gays. If they get their marriage law signed, good for them. If not, I'm not losing sleep over it I attack homophobes when they do their homophobic crap, and I attack gays and their supporters if they start attacking innocent people expressing their right to free speech (as long as that speech isn't douchy or homophobic). In either of those attacks, I make sure they know I'm on neither side I give people the benefit of the doubt, regardless of their preferences. We're cool as long as you don't start doing stuff I'm not ok with. With that mind-set, I can't afford to just switch sides. I'd gladly change my viewpoint on it if someone gives me a point that I can't debate, but I'm damn sure not going to join a cause of people who just shove their sexuality down people's throat, like the world's gonna change as soon as the governor signs his name on the paper. I'm open-minded, but I'm not changing my viewpoint that easily 
 Last edited by kylesar1; 01-05-2015 at 08:14 AM. 
