http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159901-Arslan-Senki-(The-Heroic-Legend-of-Arslan)
[Fantasy] Arslan Senki (The Heroic Legend of Arslan)
 The Heroic Legend of Arslan (アルスラーン戦記 Arslan Senki) is a Japanese fantasy novel series. The author, Yoshiki Tanaka, started writing Arslan in 1986 and is still writing it as of 2008, with the current number of books at 14 novels and one side story in the official guidebook Arslan Senki Tokuhon. It was adapted into a manga, which caught up with the novel and then received an original ending, and ran from November 1991 to September 1996. It also received two anime film adaptations, and a four-part, unfinished anime OVA. In 2013, a second manga adaptation started serializing at Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine, with illustrations by Hiromu Arakawa. A anime television series based on the Arakawa manga will premiere in 2015. Setting Arslan has two qualities that make it unique among anime fantasy tales. While the world in which it takes place is one where magic obviously exists, said magic is of an extremely limited nature. Until the end of the anime, the only magical happenings involve a few rare occasional spells and a giant, humanoid monster. There are none of the races typically associated with a fantasy realm, such as elves or dwarves. It is, at the core, a war story taking place between human nations. In addition to this, there is an underlying theme of exploring the repercussions of slavery on a society, having an absolute monarch who treats the poor as cattle, and religious obsession. Plot The story follows the exploits of Arslan, the crown prince of the fictional kingdom of Pars, which is taken over by the neighboring nation of Lusitania after his father, the king Andragoras, falls victim of a treacherous plot led by one of his most trusted retainers. After barely escaping with his life, Arslan rejoins his loyal servant, Darün. Backed up by only a few more companions, including the philosopher/swordsman/tactician Narses and his young servant Elam, Farangis, an aloof, cold priestess and Gieve, a travelling musician and con-man, Arslan must stand against overwhelming odds to assemble an army strong enough to liberate his nation from the Lusitanian army which is led by the elusive warrior known as "Silvermask". 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I'm particularly attracted by the very fine art style, if the poster serves us right. And their faces remind me of gundam unicorn (cos I watched it recently). The story too is making me eager to find out more about it. I'll look into this definitely. 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 I'm guessing we will see this sort of artwork, because the anime adaptation is an adaptation of the manga version... and thus should draw off of the manga's art (which doesn't always happen, but lately the strong trend is to remain faithful to the manga art style, as that is what the fans want). 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Ned I'm guessing we will see this sort of artwork, because the anime adaptation is an adaptation of the manga version... and thus should draw off of the manga's art (which doesn't always happen, but lately the strong trend is to remain faithful to the manga art style, as that is what the fans want). That's good news to me (; 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 This really reminds me of a Fire Emblem storyline. One question: Is there romance? 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 Having looked at the official site for the new series, the art style is definitely following the more recent manga, not the 1990s OAV series (that the picture in the op comes from). I was kind of interested in this as I'd seen some of the 1990s one on tv years ago, but to be honest, the new art strikes me as bland and generic compared to the earlier version, so I might just give it a miss. 
 Follow me on Facebook or Twitter for weekly art updates! What's the worst that could happen? 
