http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151882-A-swirling-mind
 A swirling mind
 What do you do when you can't focus on your priorities even when you know it will get messy if you don't fulfill them? How to stop your mind from diverting your attention towards stupid things?What do you do when your mind turns against you? When it becomes your primal enemy? 
 It's called having self control. 
 Originally Posted by KT Samurai You're a terrible A4 user 
 How does that work? 
 Sounds like it isn't truly important, Or you lack control. 

 The same remedy doesn't work twice; especially if your enemy knows all your secrets. Isn't that true? 
 Wow, that's a mindf**k. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Depends what your attention is diverting towards. Somethings are easier to gain self control over, such as trying to decrease your procrastinating habits in order to be able to complete a form of studying, homework or assignment, is to isolate yourself from the distraction. In this certain situation that I experience a majority of the time, this would lead; Turning off my phone and putting it a fair distance from where I am sittingTurning off the internet on my laptopTurning off my laptop, closing the lid and then stacking the textbooks and workbooks (which are required for my study session)Don't listen to music - it somehow spikes the temptation to want to watch Youtube videos or start gamingWork towards small goals, for example; instead of trying to cram all the information from the textbooks for all subjects, have a 5 - 25 minute break (eating something healthy or do some meditation or yoga) between one hour intervals before resuming This is clearly just an example and some tips for that type of situation (which I always get stuck in)! Some other approaches you can take is to have a reward concept, where - when you complete a workout routine, finish your assignment/homework or a study session for your Yearlies/Finals, you can treat yourself to something small (don't overwhelm yourself with big rewards or it might not be taken seriously, some times). Have a friend join you (if possible), with what you are aiming to complete, once again, assuming it is completing simple tasks revolving around a high school (or college/university life), studying with a friend and having two individuals aim not to procrastinate and progress in studying or working on an assignment. Create a to-do-list on your phone or on a piece of paper displayed on your fridge, corkboard or in your schedule; leading to the next tip, keep an organised schedule to keep in your school bag, hand bag etc and keep that schedule stylish and fancy (so that you enjoy using it!) ...And yes, I might be a little obsessive with the whole organisation and study a little too much into approaching a procrastination-free procedure (づ￣ ³￣)づ 
 
 You suffer it until you have had enough and decide to take the reigns. People usually do not find the strength and motivation to do something until they suffer greatly. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I do not care about the situation, if my mind drift i let it. If i cannot focus on something, it means i do not like, or want, to do it. In which case it is no longer a priority. Simple enough but gets good results. People procrastinate because they are doing something they do not enjoy, so do something else! If it is something you think you MUST do (i do not believe in such things but most seem to think differently) then find a better way to do it! 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 I sleep. It calms my brain, actually no...it gives me nightmares. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Repeatedly hit yourself in the crotch with a wooden mallet (refrain from using a metal one as they'll build tolerance quicker). That should grab your minds attention. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 My imagination is always active. My autism is really close to ADHD, so I could become rather obsessive over the most random things that happen to catch my interest. I have no idea if I could actually relate to your problem because it wasn't really hard for my parents to get me to study when I was a kid. They just said, "Do your schoolwork before you can play." So I did my homework as quickly as I could because I wanted to play and did it right so they wouldn't yell at me. I hear about all kinds of study habits, but I've only followed that one throughout my entire childhood, so I have no idea personally what would be the best choice. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 You should do something to keep yourself busy. My mind tends to think and worry about the silliest things and I usually do something to keep myself occupied. We all tend to fall into the same trap over and over again, cause we usually say to ourselves on this isn't a big deal I'll just let this pass. Why not try writing in a journal if you can't stop thinking about it, just keep writing and writing, even if your hand hurts continue to write. This isn't anything related to what you're talking about, but I was surprised when I read some of my old journals and looked over some of the things I wrote down. It was pretty silly how many things I was worried about but overtime I learned a lot about myself. We all grow, learn and make mistakes. Just do what you think is right. Keep your chin up! Hope I helped you out in some way. 
 I tend to drift off too when I'm especially bored. Sometimes keeping yourself busy and active is the best way to keep from drifting off. Create goals for yourself when you plan on doing something, so you can focus on doing it instead of letting your mind wander off. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Thank you all. Everyone of you have helped me greatly, even OH SNAP(though I don't plan on using a wooden mallet any time soon). 
