http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140815-Shingeki-no-Kyojin-(Attack-on-Titan)/page13
[Action] Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack on Titan) - Page 13
 Ah, did not realize but yeah ERMYGAWED NEW ATTACK ON TITAN SO MUCH BEAUTY. 
 Episode 21 the best episode I've seen.  Spoiler The moment I thought that Levi Squad will kill the Female Titan, it got so excited I was like THEY WERE GOING TO KILL IT! but no, they got wiped out. Why did Petra had to die?!!?!? WHY? Now episode 22 should be a lot better, Levi and Mikasa teaming up. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
  Spoiler Petra's death was depressing as ****. Seems Eren got eaten, again 

 Episode 21 sucked dick. Worst episode so far (comparing it to the others). 
 That's matter of opinion. The last few episodes helped build up to this moment where sh*t finally hit the fan. It was utterly depressing seeing Eren's new friends get wiped out in such brutal manner, although he lost, it was great seeing the titan vs titan battle at last, can't wait for next week. 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 09-01-2013 at 11:10 AM. Reason: spoilers, please 
 Aah! AoT is such a great anime! (;u It's so intense and the characters are so realistic and thought out, not to mention the amazing animation. The only thing that makes me sad is the 3D graphic in the 2nd opening, 3D in an anime just irks me, but that's my opinion. 
Anime Artist|Cosplayer|Photographer|VirginiaStuck|dragon lopa.tumblr.com
  Spoiler One of the most intense fights in any anime that I have ever seen, fused with the best soundtrack in any anime, followed by Mikasa being a freaking boss. Episode 21 was amazing and it will only get better. 

 TOO MANY CLIFFHANGERS, EREN. AWEKJUGFBWEAO;IFHEWA;OIVGAWEO;IVHWEA;LIHV'WEAIHV c: 
 
 So I always say how I hate having to watch an ongoing anime. This episode showed both the pros and the cons of doing so. A very cool episode. However... DAT CLIFFHANGER! Fml... ;-; 
 
 

 I disagree with the above statement about it being a bad episode. That was an excellent episode, although fairly brutal lol. I was like "OMG NOOOOOO!" along with Erin when  Spoiler that big Titan ***** started killing all of Eren's group. When she ate Eren, I totally wasn't expecting that hahaha! But I guess she put him inside the Titan because it was the only way to prevent him from escaping. I would totally lol if he transformed from inside that thing. XD And of course... cliffhanger again! :3 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Holy... DAT EPISODE! Best one yet! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 What is wrong with you guys, newest episode was the worst so far... 
 It was a pretty great episode, as far as I'm concerned. Eren's getting completely outclassed by someone a hell of a lot better at controlling themselves and fighting in titan form. When he went ballistic in the city he was mostly facing the mindless titans that just sort of roam around looking for humans; this female type is quite intelligent and obviously well-trained in hand-to-hand combat. But yeah, the action scenes all look great and I'm pretty satisfied with what went down there. I'm sort of concerned about where they're going to cut it off over the next 3-4 episodes as the season ends, and kinda wonder how long it'll be until the next season. Don't feel like there's enough manga material to churn out another 25-26 episodes yet and there likely won't be even 6 months from now, for the spring season. Maybe they'll give it a full year off, just hoping the studio isn't forced to come up with a bunch of filler or create an anime only ending or something. 

 Episode 21 was pretty exciting  Spoiler I thought it was a little disappointing that we didn't get to find out who the female titan was. But im sure we will next week, especially since she kidnapped Eren. It was pretty cool to see that one on one titan fight though. and I was hoping that the Levi squad would defeat the female titan! It was so sad when they got wiped out. Can't wait for next week though 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 Originally Posted by Ian the Korean It was a pretty great episode, as far as I'm concerned. Yeah, the music set up a good pace through the fights. It's like he's the newbie of a special titan transformer club and got his ass kicked by a veteran :P "Oh Eren, you learned to titan punch. Big deal. We did that in basic" (assuming there are others. I guess that's where the female titan is taking him?) Hmm, I wonder if these titans were inspired by the Evas when they weren't confined by their armour. . 
 I’ve been keeping up with Attack on Titan due to a moderate amount of interest. It’s been holding my attention because of the world they have created and the overwhelming sense of helplessness that characters have to overcome. They’ve pretty much only had one victory. However, I had two major problems with the series, until I watched this week’s episode.  Spoiler The first issue I had wasn’t the fact that there were so many cliffhangers, it was that not much else actually happened in the episodes aside from the cliffhangers. The series started off fast paced enough, but looking at episode 21; the female titan stood there for half the episode, then got eaten, and at the end of the episode **** hit the fan when she attacked and killed one of the specialists. When I felt it was starting to get some of its momentum back it just stops. But in this episode three major events happen and once the first one ended (the battle with Levi’s squad mates) it leads immediately into the next confrontation. To me, that short fight with Mikasa at the end was just an added bonus, even if it didn’t occur in this episode I would had been satisfied nonetheless, but it happened anyway. The second problem I had with the series was that no important characters died, just one dimensional wood stumps. And before you point to Eren’s mother; she had 5 minutes of screen time (maybe 6, that titan did take his time with her,) She was more of a catalyst for Eren’s rage than an actual standalone character. I cared about the impact she left on Eren, but I didn’t care about her. Marco, nope, at the time of his death I was still referring to the trainees by their ranking number, so “number 7s” death didn’t even register with me. The reason why this is an issue is because if the show isn’t willing to kill off any of its distinguishable secondary characters, then I can’t believe that any of the main characters are in any real danger (especially after what happened when Eren was eaten the first time.) By yay! Petra and Auruo are dead, I knew who they were and I gave a crap when they were obliterated. As for the female Titan; I haven’t read the manga so it’s just my theory, but I’ll put spoilers up regardless.  Spoiler I think it is Annie! omg, so edgy, about 5 people in this thread already think it’s her. But not only for the obvious reasons (her being blonde, and leaving the group so she hasn’t been on screen during this female titan attack.) First of all; the second opening. Why is she in it when she’s only been featured in one or two episodes in the second half? And why is there more time spent lingering on her face than Connie, Christa, Jean, etc. (Plus she gets bigger, dun dun duuun.) Second; this week’s fight scene was somewhat reminiscent of the first between Annie and Eren in episode 4. She used the same stance and easily tripped up Eren. Thirdly, the female titan stopped trying to attack Jean when Armin shouted his name. Correct me if I’m wrong, but I recall Annie and Jean sharing a fair bit of screen time together. In fact I would argue that Jean is the character she is the most friendly towards (though at isn’t saying much xD) so it would be completely understandable why she wouldn’t want to crush him. Of course all of those can just be coincidences. But if you’re still reading this could you indulge me a little more and rewatch the scene from episode 13 where Annie saves Jean (It’s around the 7 minute mark on CrunchyRoll.) It always stuck out to me as they didn't show how she killed the titan, it just froze on her face. At first I thought it was a budgeting issue rather than some sort of stylistic choice. But then there is the splattering sound effect that came after the explosions rather than the slicing sound effect. So if Annie did have titan powers at that time, it would have fitted in perfectly with that scene and why they didn't show it in it's entirety. So yeah, that’s why I’m convinced it’s Annie. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
 Another disastrous episode by that I meant their failure on capturing the titan and the loss of men, nevertheless a good way to end the Survey Corps expedition..with a alot of dead soldiers and Petra! Let's not forget Petra! Levi took down the female titan by himself although Mikasa weakened it as well. It's sad to see that Levi squad got wiped out except for Levi and Eren. oh and Eren seeing those two kids remimded of himself, that was a sad moment right there. AND WHY DID PETRA HAD TO DIE? I guess the last few episodes will be inside the walls. 
 Last edited by Fate_; 09-07-2013 at 08:20 PM. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 Episode 22 was okay. I wish there was more action. 
 (Signature by Nuttsnbolts) "Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -Elbert Hubbard
 The ending for this anime better be ****ing amazing because its nearing the end and (as far as we know) they're not even close to completing their goal. This anime is just overall coming to **** (unless thats what we're supposed to think for an amazing ending o.o). At this point, I don't even know. 
 Originally Posted by Protoss The ending for this anime better be ****ing amazing because its nearing the end and (as far as we know) they're not even close to completing their goal. This anime is just overall coming to **** (unless thats what we're supposed to think for an amazing ending o.o). At this point, I don't even know. Season 2 baby, season 2...there must be a season 2. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 They aren't going to end it here, it's just the season getting wrapped up. It'll probably be back in the spring. 

 Yeah I get that there'll probably be a second season. But I want an amazing wrap-up/ending for the first season because I expect nothing less from Attack on titty. 
 I wouldn't expect it considering what's coming up in the manga. 

  Spoiler Not only do they Kill Petra, THEY THEN DECIDE TO CHUCK HER OUT OF THE WAGON. What has this world come to ; 3 ; 

