http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151821-I-m-broken
 I'm broken :/
 So I broke up with my girlfriend a few days ago, it was mutual more or less, then she wanted to give us another try and I said no... It was the hardest thing I've ever had to do, because I lover her, but I know she's better off experiencing the world than being tied down by me, since she's had a real hard life and hasn't really been able to enjoy much. It was the biggest mistake of my life, or, that's how I feel. I'm also really worried about her, one time when we were fighting and we almost broke up she threatened to kill herself, and I know she would have done it too; her mother stopped her. I haven't heard from her or her family and all of online accounts are gone. Just deleted. And I'm really worried about her. Anyway.. anybody got ideas to distract me from the pain? I don't plan on ever forgetting her, ironically I was her first boyfriend (well the first that ever took the time to fly across the country to see her), her first kiss, etc. Maybe a new Anime series would help. I'm addicted to the Paranormal and Action/Adventure. 
 Last edited by Dice; 10-14-2013 at 09:18 PM. 

 why would I want to take someone who loves crazy people... Watch cromartie high school and laugh the memoroes of that crazy girl away. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Watch the new Sleepy Hollow tv series. Hope you feel better soon mang. Looks like your ex wants and needed a clean break. And yes, you're gonna have to tell me what SFL is and if Hadokens to the crotch are allowed. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 Originally Posted by Oh Snap. Watch the new Sleepy Hollow tv series. Hope you feel better soon mang. Looks like your ex wants and needed a clean break. And yes, you're gonna have to tell me what SFL is and if Hadokens to the crotch are allowed. I'm already watching that, awesome @$$ show, SFL means Street Fighting League I think like I said in my edit, my friend Dylan went ahead and typed that up while I was in the bathroom and posted it. There was/is organized street fighting but its not a league or anything, it's an ironic stress reliever lmao, and while I did participate in a few fights I was rarely in attendence and won probably a third of the fights. Not sure if they're still doing it. 

 Originally Posted by Dice Maybe a new Anime series would help. I'm addicted to the Paranormal and Action/Adventure. Yeah, that's what I do to when I'm dealing with deep stages of depression. Originally Posted by Dice FYI - Don't go bashing saying I'm a pussy because of this post. I doubt anyone on these forums could take me; I'm a 3 year SFL Champ. lol, what? Even if you are, the fact that you use this to assert your manliness is highly suspicious. What are you compensating for? Originally Posted by Dice I'm already watching that, awesome @$$ show, SFL means Street Fighting League I think like I said in my edit, my friend Dylan went ahead and typed that up while I was in the bathroom and posted it. There was/is organized street fighting but its not a league or anything, it's an ironic stress reliever lmao, and while I did participate in a few fights I was rarely in attendence and won probably a third of the fights. Not sure if they're still doing it. Tyler would be angry 

 Moved to PLD. 

 Originally Posted by Stranger Yeah, that's what I do to when I'm dealing with deep stages of depression. lol, what? Even if you are, the fact that you use this to assert your manliness is highly suspicious. What are you compensating for? Tyler would be angry Did you not read the edit? I didn't type that. Seriously, if I was trying to assert anything I would have provided some form of proof, but frankly I have better things to do than try and impress people I don't know. Like I give a **** what anyone here thinks? I left it as a Joke, not really compensating for anything, that isn't the freaking point of this thread so I'm going to delete ALL of that and re-create it. 

 Ok, before I give you advice, I must address your last added sentence. I feel that last sentence was completely unnecessary. You want advice, genuine advice. What that last sentence did was essentially threaten anyone who would not give you advice. This is the Internet. You could have the best intentions and people will still finds reasons to make fun of you. In response, you do not threaten them as that only adds fuel to that fire. Just ignore them. More people will be genuine than those who want to mess around with you, but those few do exist. Just skip over what they say and move on. Now, onto the topic as you presented it. For me, I lose myself in music, black metal specifically. The darkness, hate towards all life, and it's desire to stay unchecked and unaltered. I live for that! But that's just me. Find what you like. Interested in a new anime series? Now is the time to check it out and see if it's for you. Find what interests you and explore it. The new experiences should help you heal. 
 I got no regrets And I remember the day that we met There was no way that I could forget you So I followed you home and waited until you were alone... Jack | Gunnerkrigg Court | Boxdog | The Terrible Secret | Poppy OPossum | Homestuck
 Time keeps moving forward, you may love her now but in a few years she will most likely just be known as your ex and nothing more. Funny how important things can be to us one day and then the next you cant be bothered with them. Anyway, watch some anime, eat icecream directly from the carton with the biggest spoon you can find and get to moving on. That's how I deal with stuff. T-T Life's a ***** and then you die. 
 Uh oh! Everyone can see my panties like this! And I'm not even wearing sexy panties! Dx 
 I'm sure watching Higurashi or Attack on Titan will help. Also, life goes on no matter what; maybe you and her were just not meant to be. Someday you'll find your soulmate. Get over it and move on. 
 The world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful. -Roy Mustang Member of Individual Eleven ​
 Wait, wait, wat? I don't think you're bro enough for ken.  Spoiler /is shot for liberal use of puns and/or image macros 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 Can you guys not go into a thread called "I'm broken :/" and troll, be insensitive, and only post to entertain yourselves? I don't care how self centered you are, have a heart. This guy needs help, not your egos and lame attempts at lolz. Now, Dice, my friend, the easiest way to move on from something you love, is to replace it with something alike. An example of this is one anime you were really into ended, so you start another anime in hopes it will make up for your loss. Replacing a girlfriend/person with an anime doesn't really match up and therefore wont be very effective in relief. Time makes you move on and care less, but the quickest emotional first aid you can get is another companion. I'm not saying it's so easy to go out and get girls, or that it should. But put yourself out there, talk to some chicks, if nothing else it will remind you that she indeed is not the only fish in the sea. Also just going out with friends/family will help, enjoying other people's company rather than obsessing in memory of hers. Life goes on, and life is beautiful, regardless of the struggles and the pains. Be grateful for all the blessings around you, be happy for what you do have. There are many reasons to smile, you just have to be looking. :] 
 Agree with Ruri, Higurashi is a great choice. It's more gory than paranormal, though. For paranormal-related anime, Ghost at School and Hell Teacher Nube are some great choices (but I think you might've already watched them as a kid lol) I personally think watching funny animes will help get rid of the pain faster, so I suggest Yakitate Japan if you're into some hilarious exaggerated anime. If not, then just go with my former suggestions. 

 Erhm, If you ignore most of the douchebags above me. Here is actual advice. Originally Posted by Lord Darkton I feel that last sentence was completely unnecessary. You want advice, genuine advice. What that last sentence did was essentially threaten anyone who would not give you advice. Completely Agree with Darkton here. Killing time is not going to help you get over this. you might really want to talk out things first. I'm just going to go ahead and tell you to get in touch with her again. Maybe not as lovers but just as friends. Not talking to her at all is a bit cruel dont you think? Even if you dont see a relationship working out, you two can still be great friends. You are worrying about her, and thats perfectly normal. I would too if I was in your position. Just grab your phone and call her =) 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 all of online accounts are gone. Just deleted. She's attention-seeking. Don't worry about it. I'd be far more inclined to worry if she had kept all of her accounts online, but didn't use them for x length of time. Deleting them shows that she intended to disappear from the online world only. Plus, you mention she threatened suicide when you "almost" broke up before? She sounds like a *****, honestly. My ex did the same thing, and from then on the relationship spiraled into hell. The moment someone threatens that, you know they're not worth the time. I recommend against contacting her ever again. You'll just keep dragging up feelings and continue getting hurt. 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki I recommend against contacting her ever again. You'll just keep dragging up feelings and continue getting hurt. Also coming from experience, Kuroki's right, stay away from her. Every time you relapse, you will grow weaker in the matter and it will generally get uglier. 
 I dunno all i can say is if you do not want to feel this way, just decide to feel different. Hard to explain... If you want to watch anime watch something funny, laughter overrules most emotion, so get laughing and you will feel much better. 
My Anime List Picture Library Dragon Kung Fu Wing Chun
 Douchebag posts and responses have been deleted. Stay to hell out of PLD if you're just going to troll. It depends on the situation really. If you really don't want to get back into a relationship with her, don't contact her at least until you get over how you are feeling at the moment. With my last relationship, not having contact with him actually worked out for the best because I wasn't the one who broke off the relationship. For my own sanity, I didn't want to be friends with him because I knew it'd hurt me more in the long run. I don't hate the guy, I just feel I that it is better off this way, you know? I don't think you should listen to anyone here, but think about it and decide how you really feel. Are you better off without her, even if it hurts now? Would you consider being friends with her once you've gotten over how you feel now? Only you can decide any of this because you know her and the people in this thread don't. Years ago, I had issues with a guy online that was obsessed with me and said he loved me after being my friend for a while. I was trying to get away from him, but he told me that if I stopped being his friend that he'd kill himself. I didn't know what to do about it, but I knew that I'd never meet him, so at least there was that and I gave him a fake address when he asked for it to send me something. I got away from him in the end lol. But yeah, the suicide card is a really shitty thing to pull. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
 Threatening to kill herself is horrible... I've known two boys who've actually succeeded in doing that because of romance in the past year, and it doesn't make anyone happy in the end. If she's thinking of killing herself, she'll need help. But try not to concern yourself too much.. You're doing what you feel best, and what you feel is best is what you should be doing. I've recently had to end a relationship where I had loved the person dearly. It wasn't until I broke his heart did he completely crumble. I'm fortunate he keeps trudging on, although it's been difficult to get him to stop being dependent on me. So many factors in my life right now make me feel so upset with who I am and how helpless I can be. I wish I had time to be distracted by an anime. lol The only things really keeping me going are my friends who are trying to be there for me despite their studies. Try to move on. Maybe not contact her for a bit, until you know how you feel. It's hard but you gotta do what's best for yourself. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 hi i have been where you are buddy and tbh its hard to move on but you both will with time. maybe you could watch d.grey-man its quite a good escape from reality. hope you start to feel better soon cause just remeber there may be pain now but theres always someone to health the pain 
 Originally Posted by mihstah can you guys not go into a thread called "i'm broken :/" and troll, be insensitive, and only post to entertain yourselves? I don't care how self centered you are, have a heart. This guy needs help, not your egos and lame attempts at lolz. Now, dice, my friend, the easiest way to move on from something you love, is to replace it with something alike. An example of this is one anime you were really into ended, so you start another anime in hopes it will make up for your loss. Replacing a girlfriend/person with an anime doesn't really match up and therefore wont be very effective in relief. Time makes you move on and care less, but the quickest emotional first aid you can get is another companion. I'm not saying it's so easy to go out and get girls, or that it should. But put yourself out there, talk to some chicks, if nothing else it will remind you that she indeed is not the only fish in the sea. Also just going out with friends/family will help, enjoying other people's company rather than obsessing in memory of hers. Life goes on, and life is beautiful, regardless of the struggles and the pains. Be grateful for all the blessings around you, be happy for what you do have. There are many reasons to smile, you just have to be looking. :] ^^^^^^^^^^^^this 
​
 oh man, thrilling story, though i stopped after the crap about breaking up with your girlfriend. after that i skimmed. it's better to have loved an lost, it's always darkest before the dawn, there's more fish in the sea. the best way to get over someone is to get on top of someone else. any of these cliches helping? oh and the best remedy for emotional pain is the same as physical pain: drugs and alcohol. they're temporary remedies, but by the time you get off the binge & purge, you'll be like "Amanda? Amanda who?" i'm just assuming your ex's name was amanda a man, duh 
weh mir, oh weh
 Originally Posted by Dice So I broke up with my girlfriend a few days ago, it was mutual more or less, then she wanted to give us another try and I said no... It was the hardest thing I've ever had to do, because I lover her, but I know she's better off experiencing the world than being tied down by me, since she's had a real hard life and hasn't really been able to enjoy much. It was the biggest mistake of my life, or, that's how I feel. I'm also really worried about her, one time when we were fighting and we almost broke up she threatened to kill herself, and I know she would have done it too; her mother stopped her. I haven't heard from her or her family and all of online accounts are gone. Just deleted. And I'm really worried about her. Anyway.. anybody got ideas to distract me from the pain? I don't plan on ever forgetting her, ironically I was her first boyfriend (well the first that ever took the time to fly across the country to see her), her first kiss, etc. Maybe a new Anime series would help. I'm addicted to the Paranormal and Action/Adventure. Sorry, but I didn't bother reading any of the other posts as I could already see it turn into a cluster **** of trolling. Sorry to hear about all the trouble that you've been through, but if what I am reading is correct it's probably a good thing that you aren't with her. Threatening suicide is one thing as it simply shows that she's not really thinking about your feelings and would rather torment you then trying to resolve what the problem actually is. That's just maturity and she may think a bit better the older she gets. Personally I would simply try to avoid her but not be rude. Don't make a huge effort to get in contact with her and have the occasional conversation with her if you bump into her. I would also tell her straight up that you're not interested in trying again if she tries to rekindle the fire so to speak. That's about the best advice that I can give and there isn't gonna be a perfect solution but you need to think about how it's your future that you want to improve and not someone else. There's no point being in a relationship you don't enjoy just for the sake of making her happy. As for ways to distract yourself... Go out and do a few things you wouldn't normally do. Catch up with some friends you haven't seen in a while. Take up a hobby. Join a club. Gym. Go read a book you wouldn't normally read at a library. There's a variety of things that can occupy your time and they can lead to meeting new people as well. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 To distract yourself from pain, you must not force yourself to forget and just continue on with your life. What I learnt from my ex-boyfriend's actions is that, worrying about them and showing you have a form of genuine care, brings up there hopes, if you really want this break up to run smoothly with no mental or physical pain to each other, let things happen naturally. Hng, I don't really know what to recommend you - because, when I was going through a break up, the worst way to get over it (and slowly) was watch anime which reminded me of our relationship before and that didn't end well or it made me wish that we were back together. So I actually think its best to move away and pursue some other hobby/interest that you enjoy and actually doesn't allow you to stop and think. All in all, forget and walk on - I know that seems really stupid to recommend that kind of advice - but honestly, it will eventually just become a normal routine in your life, to know her as a stranger. 
 
 A4 is surely not the place for me to preach how to have a love life, but I'll give my opinion/advice for whatever it may be worth. First of all, ignore the trolls. That includes here on A4, but also in your social circle. Nobody but you knows what you're going through, so nobody has a right to judge you or force you to do something about what you're going through. However, do appretiate your supporters. Sure, it may be annoying to hear garbage like, "She wasn't good enough for you anyway" or some crap like that, but they say that because they just want to help in any way. Trolls, bad! Supporters, good! Even if the supporters are annoying with their garbage, they mostly do mean it from their hearts and really do want to see you in a better situation. Also, women come and go, but friends stay forever. I can't stress that enough. That hot girl who swore to be with you forever will likely seperate from you, but that dude who brings duritos when you bring the PS3 on game night stays a lot longer. No matter how much a woman 'loves' you, she will never be worth as much as your closest friend. She may come close, but she will never succeed it. This applies to girls, too. Don't let a sugar daddy outrank that chic who was with you in your most troubling times. I hope this makes some clearity for you. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
