http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?117352-What-are-you-currently-watching/page137
[Anime] What are you currently watching? - Page 137
 Darker than Black is a great anime at least from what I saw of it. I don't really remember a lot of it aside from that fact that I enjoyed it and that I watched it along time ago. 
~Wound
 Sword Art Online is awesome. Just finished ep 14 of season 2 which was insane. Death Gun is one of my favorite characters within the SAO series. 
 Just started Maria Holic based on a post in the "just finished" thread. It is hilarious! I have never seen a girl get a bloody nose before. Pretty funny premise. I should get through it quickly. Quoth the wiki Maria Holic revolves around a high school girl named Kanako Miyamae, who is scared of boys and breaks out inhives if a boy touches her. During her second year of high school, she enrolls in an all-girls school hoping to find a female romantic partner. However, her ideal candidate, Mariya Shidō, turns out to be a sadistic cross-dressingboy. 
 The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth. Candidate, Juris Doctor - 2017 - Calbob.com
 I finished episode two of your lie in April. I'm pretty impressed by it. Its even kind of poetic, the dialogue I mean. Its nice that its got comedy to it. I think it could be a bit dark and overbearing if it didn't have the comedy bits. My other shows are: Log horizon 2 Durarara 2 The testament of sister new devil Military! Maria the virgin witch I had started the kancolle collection but I think I may pass on it. It seems way too similar to strike witches for me to like it. I'll just be comparing it over and over I may add one more show but I think this will do for now. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Now I'm watching Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, Kamina is awesome! 
 I am currently about 1/2 way through Rio - Rainbow Gate! Up to this point it has been an amusing bit of ecchi fluff. No telling what will happen in the second 1/2 but I am not expecting anything great. Of course I have been wrong before. 

 Started tatami galaxy. Ep1 gave that seinen feel all over and the art is quite cheap (maybe because it is not important ). Concept is good and I think I'll finish it till the end. Oh the monologues are super fast >_< 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 Strangely enough not watching much of the current season so much for a change just Kuroko no Basket 3rd Season (Not much of a basketball fan but watching this made me by an NBA game ) Shinmai Maou no Testament - Not to keen on this but I've started so I'll finish Dog Days 3rd Season (Simply because I watched the other two seasons) 
I'll find something interesting to put here later, oooo, something shiny....
 Originally Posted by jugger Started tatami galaxy. Ep1 gave that seinen feel all over and the art is quite cheap (maybe because it is not important ). Concept is good and I think I'll finish it till the end. Oh the monologues are super fast >_< The art for Tatami Galaxy is not cheap at all. It's experimental and artistic but definitely not cheap. Just look at the varying colours for a start. The quality is quite evident. That's not to say that it has to be to your liking and I can see why it's not considering you find a "seinen feel" to be a bad thing. But dont call it cheap please. 
If there is a dream which takes one his whole life to find...A man should envision such a lifetime once...To be born and to then simply live for no better reason. I can't abide such a lifestyle. -Griffith
 Originally Posted by Kerberos The art for Tatami Galaxy is not cheap at all. It's experimental and artistic but definitely not cheap. Just look at the varying colours for a start. The quality is quite evident. That's not to say that it has to be to your liking and I can see why it's not considering you find a "seinen feel" to be a bad thing. But dont call it cheap please. In fact I enjoyed it. Ep 2 onwards feature its art style deeper and I really appreciate their efforts especially putting multiple techniques into one screen. Its avant garde indeed Oh please don't assume I find this " seinen feel all over" a bad thing. I like it mate! ✌ 
For your freedom, for my honour. MY HYPERWEAPON WILL PIERCE THROUGH THE HEAVEN!! - Rance 
 your lie in April...... the opening song is just epic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZe2uYXXX-Y must check out 
 Currently watching Logh and Genji Monogatari Senneki 
 I just started and I'm about half way through Arcana Famiglia. I get a mob feel from the show. It's not even close to what I expected from the show, but I guess it's ight. 2-3 of the episodes that I have seen so far feel like filler which hurts when there are only 12 episodes in total. Despite that it's keeping me interested enough to keep watching it though so that's good. 
http://hummingbird.me/users/Cavalieri/library -My anime list-
 Casshern Sins. Feel like getting back into the interest, picking up from where I left off those months ago. I'm near the end of it, only two episodes left. After this, I might feel like watching Fate/Zero, and perhaps the Kara no Kyoukai movies after that. 
 Once again, the adventure evolves My Anime List http://myanimelist.net/animelist/JacobKyon
 I randomly picked a show called Koi Koi Seven. The description said it was a Comedy/Harem/Romance so I thought I'd give it a try. I have now watched 3 episodes and I am somewhat baffled by it. The main character is a normal boy named Tetsuro. He is given a scholarship to a high school but when he arrives he discovers it is an all girls school and he is the only male there. He is also immediately glommed onto by a girl who claims to have known him and is totally in love with him. This girl and her friends also have super powers and they are at odds with the Student Council who fights them using mechas. This show is just surreal. It seems like another bit of harem ecchi fluff but there is a girl with an eyepatch who keeps showing up in brief clips which makes me think there might actually be some plot hidden in here. I'll let you know when I find out. 

 There are a lot i'm currently watching, to many to really list all of them, but I just finished the newest episode of Tokyo Ghoul Root A and it wasn't bad I know it's leading up to a big fight so the next episode will be pretty awesome. 
 I'm back with infinite stratos - now I'm watching season two! I'll admit sometimes it gets a little repetitive. But I can't help but laugh at the ridiculous situations ichika gets into. Its still a fun show . Good action too. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I just started watching Oreimo. It's funny and dumb, but alright. 
 I just finished watching an anime called Kaitou Joker meaning Mysterious Joker. I wish there was more episodes cause I really enjoyed it, and there's only 13 episodes. 

 I'm currently watching Genji Monogatari Senneki 
 I am currently watching Death Note. I think I am going to be sad when I finish this series. 
 Here's a list of anime that I have recently started to watch as well as a few I'm still watching. Tokyo Ghoul Freezing Claymore Deadman Wonderland Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance Hagure Yuusha no Estetica High School DxD Aldnoah.Zero Fullmetal Alchemist Sword Art Online 

 I'm currently watching Rave. I watched the dubbed version (Rave Master) years ago on CN and want to see how the story turned out. 

 Started watching Sabagehu! Survival game club. I wasn't expecting it but this show is LMAO funny. It's really good at throwing a little twist into what you'd expect the outcome of a scene to be. Also, there are numerous movie references. Yoda would like ep 2, there's a funny Matrixesq scene near the end. If you're looking for a good laugh I'd recommend this. 

 Originally Posted by Griffmeister Started watching Sabagehu! Survival game club. I wasn't expecting it but this show is LMAO funny. It's really good at throwing a little twist into what you'd expect the outcome of a scene to be. Also, there are numerous movie references. Yoda would like ep 2, there's a funny Matrixesq scene near the end. If you're looking for a good laugh I'd recommend this. Watched it while it was running and yes its great! Check out military! Its a fun little chibi 3minute show. Wild action like survival game club. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
