http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?122296-Whats-everyone-s-saddest-anime/page2
[Anime] Whats everyone's saddest anime? - Page 2
 I'd have to say Clannad After Story like everyone else has a long with Kanon (2006), Angel Beats!, and Rumbling Hearts. 
 Originally Posted by Baronichi Unless it's incest I don't care.. Originally Posted by Baronichi If you quote me on that I'll f***ing rape you. 
 Originally Posted by Nakimi I'd have to say Clannad After Story like everyone else has a long with Kanon (2006), Angel Beats!, and Rumbling Hearts. Jeez I think we're the same person. Rumbling Hearts was quite possibly one of the most depressing animes I've seen to date. It didn't just last one episode either, it was a domino effect that went on for 4-5 episodes if I recall (watched it a long time ago) My list consists of 44 anime, being that its quite small I'll stick with Rumbling Hearts 
 Jesus....This is all so depressing. i think we should start a talk group about the sadesst animes we've ever seen.... and talk about them..... But my vote goes to Now and then. Here and there..... It was so depressing. I cried every episode. I almost didnt want to finish it.... 
 Rumbling Hearts! i felt so much for the main female and it was full of betrayal and tradegy. mad em cry but i couldn't stop watching it anyway. BRAVO!!! [IMG][/IMG] 
 SHALL I GRANT YOUR WISH? 
 Originally Posted by Drunkinsnail I think I've seen like every choice in here and I'm gonna go with "Shiki" That crap was depressing from the very first episode and then just got worse as it went along. It also gave a really unsatisfying ending, which is sad in it's own right. lol I definitely agree that Shiki was way to unsatisfying at the end. I kinda wanted the vampire girl to die 
 SHALL I GRANT YOUR WISH? 
 Nice Choices Everyone! 
 
 I actually changed my decision. At first it was Angel Beats. But now it's Elfen Lied. It has to be the saddest anime I've ever watched. I still thought Angel Beats was pretty sad though. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 This Ugly Yet Beautiful World, Wolfs Rain, Clannad. All sad 
 Elfen Lied and Wolf's Rain were sad just before they were ending but the last clip of both series ended on a positive note. I haven't seen anything sadder than these two but I'll definitely try Now and Then. 
 Clannad, angel beats, blue drop. These are the saddest animes I've seen 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 seriously that necro rofl been 2 years since last post 
 Anohana by far 

 Angel Beats would be a top one for sure..especially because I didn't really understand what would happen. 
 Saikano/SHE, The Ultimate Weapon. I cried during every episode. I think it was the first anime to ever bring me to tears. The manga is a downer too, though the real killer is the side-story manga, Love Story; Killed. 
 Angel Beats! 
[IMG][/IMG]
 shock shock i never seen clannad but the saddest for me would have to be tokyo 8.0 and angel beats! 
Do you know what’s the difference between a king and his horse?… INSTINCT!!! Hollow Ichigo (Bleach) 
 Gonna have to go with angel beats, I've seen shows that have gotten more feeling out of me but they weren't sad feelings And I haven't seen clannad either, everytime I'm thinking of watching it somebody gets carried away with saying it's the saddest thing in the universe for like 10 minutes and I somehow don't feel like my expectations would be met :/ 
 Originally Posted by Firefromthevoid And I haven't seen clannad either, everytime I'm thinking of watching it somebody gets carried away with saying it's the saddest thing in the universe for like 10 minutes and I somehow don't feel like my expectations would be met :/ Tell me about it, I always hear about how Clannad (Mainly Clannad: After Story though) is supposed to be the saddest thing and I fear that I can't watch it and like it now, because chances are I won't get as affected, if I am going into it expecting to have my soul crushed. I think the only anime that truly and honestly made me sad in the full meaning of the word was Grave of the Fireflies. Admittedly I don't watch a ton of "sad" anime, but I've seen Ano Hana/Angel Beats for example and both of those annoyed me with their non-sensical stories more than they made me sad. That being said, I will admit to bawling like a child over the course of Grave of the Fireflies. I was pretty much inconsoleable for a good half an hour after finishing that movie. 
MAL Dotabuff Add me on Steam!
 Angel Beats and Clannad After Story were so sad! I loved them both. 

