http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?140725-Favorite-Another-Deaths
 Favorite Another Deaths?
 I wanted to know your favorite death scenes from the anime Another. Mine has to be the one where  Spoiler the nurse helping Kouichi dies when the elevator cables snap and she does the best faceplant in the world. It just looks so funny to me. Anyway, what is your favorite death and why? 
But I don't know how to deal with forums!
 Wow... based of the title i'm guessing this is a super violent show o.o I came here thinking it said Favourite anime deaths. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 the umbrella scene.  Spoiler it's has the perfect amount of bloodiness that i expect in shows like these lol and who can forget ms crazy face  Spoiler 
 Oh Gosh, had to watch an 'all death scenes' video on youtube to remember all of them xD  Spoiler I really liked the umbrella scene but the teacher committing suicide was a bit more entertaining because he doesn't die immediately and even spits blood on his students xD I also liked Reiko-sans death a lot because it became so emotional with someone he knew so well. 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Originally Posted by redblood Oh Gosh, had to watch an 'all death scenes' video on youtube to remember all of them xD  Spoiler I really liked the umbrella scene but the teacher committing suicide was a bit more entertaining because he doesn't die immediately and even spits blood on his students xD I also liked Reiko-sans death a lot because it became so emotional with someone he knew so well. Wdf... is it bad that I laughed at your comment? I'm kinda intrigued by this anime now... Is it supposed to be dark, or is it a comedy? Also... the ms crazy lady gif... She looks like Misaka Mikoto and the other girl like Rikka or whatever her name is from chuu2. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Pured Wdf... is it bad that I laughed at your comment? I'm kinda intrigued by this anime now... Is it supposed to be dark, or is it a comedy? Also... the ms crazy lady gif... She looks like Misaka Mikoto and the other girl like Rikka or whatever her name is from chuu2. Naah, I laugh at my own comment xD But I'm a bit crazy so it might be bad... Its very dark, but sometimes they make ridiculous faces and you can't help but laugh even though its serious x3 
 Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 The broken back death was once my favorite but the hanged girl stole my heart 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 I'm in agreeance with the person above. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/Zainox
 I will also say crazy faced girl, I was so scared for Misaki at that moment. 
9 minutes 18 seconds.
 My favorite scene is -  Spoiler The umbrella scene , oops how could this happen And the scene when teacher killed himself and the looks of the students - 
 
 The watermelon is my favorite. It is by far the best and most tragic death. 
"Sora... you're lucky. Looks like my summer vacation is... over" My MAL
 That teacher one was intense! :-o and the faces and reactions all the students had was pretty realistic. Also,  Spoiler Izumis death really got to me cause I really didn't want her to die :-( and her and the main character were pretty good friends 
 Another scared the sh*t out of me...I think my favourite death scene was the umbrella one. Totally unexpected. 
 the umbrella one was everyones favorite xD it was really unexpected i like had to pause and take a breather after that one 
 Izumi died? i dont remember it , how could i forgot it :s and i have seen the anime year ago. 
 
 The Teachers Death was intense. But I think two underrated Deaths are the one where the kid opens the Door to the Dining Hall and pretty much burns to a crisp. And my favorite is when Takako is being hung and Misaki is just getting splashed with blood watching it unfold. Pic>>>  Spoiler 

 This is a really good anime, one of my favs, and definitely umbrella scene. 
 Now I'm interested! I've never seen or heard of this anime but it seems amazing. Guess I'll have to go check it out. 
 The Neck Snap was the one that freaked me out the most. 
 my favorite death in Another was when they left the town and took somewhat of a vacation and the kid died in the water and got hit by the boat. it was my favorite because the fact that his death was set before they even left the town because he fell down the stairs and got brain damage making people think that the school curse could happen outside the town. 

 Originally Posted by Roxastheman The watermelon is my favorite. It is by far the best and most tragic death. Yes agreed haha! XD My favorite death scene would have to be the part when the stoner kid opens the door and gets charred while his friend just watches in fear. I'm pretty sure they were both warned about the fire in the dinner...so he deserved to die for stupidity. 
 the umbrella death naturally 
Understanding 100% of anything is impossible. That’s why we spend all our lives trying to understand the thinking of others. That’s what makes life so interesting. 
 the umbrella death and the teachers suicide for sure!!! and also that one when this girl is coming back from school and this gigantic vehical crashes into her house and her bro dies . . . aaaa gives me goosebumps . . . 
 My favorite death scene from another would have to be the umbrella scene. When that happened, I paused it for about 30 seconds just to take it in 
 
 I can't decide between the elevator, teacher's suicide, and the Umbrella one. I'm sure the Umbrella death taught us all a very valuable lesson >____> 
