http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157778-Concerning-Critics-Do-Their-Voices-Matter-Any-More-Than-Ours
 Concerning Critics: Do Their Voices Matter Any More Than Ours?
 Hey all, I have a query and thought that this was the appropriate place to put it. The question involves criticism. Now what I mean by that is criticism of any type of media you might enjoy by various critics and the general population (as the saying goes "Everybody's a critic"). The question is: Do their voices matter more than any of ours (that is the non-critic, average Joe kind of person)? Now the internet has spawned many things, including a plane for any person to create a blog, say his or her opinion matters more than yours, and spout out a critique of whatever he or she so chooses. Sometimes, we agree and sometimes we don't. I myself have struggled with whether or not my views on anything are objectively correct and therefore cannot be invalidated by any form of reasoning. I think I will have trouble posting a lot on this forum because I tend to be afraid of being hated out for having an opinion. Specifically, one that may not be agreeable. I am not a very critical person, at least that's how I see it. There are things I like and things I don't, simple as that. When I see a negative review of something I like or even someone complaining about something I like on the internet, I feel shame for liking that very thing. I've gone through life thinking my voice does not really matter much, and that I can't give it value. Even within the anime fandom, I am afraid to share my views on certain series due to the fact that I fear being hated out. I don't say much about anything anyway because I don't think I know much about most topics, including those within anime. I brought up that point because there is a need to be informed about things, and that ignorance of facts can lead to distorted beliefs. However, where do facts lie in the act of making a subjective judgment of a piece of media? Is objective judgment of media possible whatsoever? What I mean is that there seems to exist an element of "factual quality" as I have called it in the past (i.e. the animation is good, this person's acting was deplorable, etc.). Considering all of this, can we like what we want to like in the face of these preconceived ideas of factual quality asserted by critics that may or may not have a more valid voice than our own? 

