http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?148800-Hello-this-is-DesuMaiden-I-like-anime-so-I-want-to-be-a-good-contributor-to-this-sit
 Hello this is DesuMaiden. I like anime so I want to be a good contributor to this sit
 Yeah anyways I will make the most out of this site.I've watched at least 100 different anime. I got a lot of work to do today, so I got to go. Cya. 
 Last edited by DesuMaiden; 06-30-2013 at 03:31 PM. 
 hello and welcome to the site if u need anything pm me!!! 
 If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. --Lao Tzu 9/10/13-R.I.P Hitler dono #Nazisstaydead 
 well hello to you too lol. Welcome to A4! 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
 Welcome to A4 ^^ I hope you enjoy being here in this lovely community (: 
 
 I have been here forever. I know nothing about the community. If you have any questions concerning anything, though, I have used message boards and forums for a very long time. See you out there. 
-- Matt Perry, HS Administrator, Legendary Member -- -- Please say that I'm the only one you love. -- -- Aishite iru no wa atashi dake itte. -- -- Atashi no naka wa anata dake. -- -- You are the only one for me. -- 
 Welcome to A4, and hope you enjoy it here 
  Spoiler 
 Welcome to A4 make a left on anime while pasting nonsense, fun, and current events. Thank 
 Everything you see belongs to me, to one degree or another. The beggars and newsboys and quick thieves here in Paradise, the sailor dives and gin mills and blind tigers on the waterfront, the anglers and amusers, the she-hes and the Chinks. Everybody owes, everybody pays. Because that's how you stand up against the rising of the tide. *Bill The Butcher - Gangs Of New York* 
 Originally Posted by Rabbit-CHAN Welcome to A4 make a left on anime while pasting nonsense, fun, and current events. Thank Indeed I will. 
 Welcome to A4 If you need help on the forums, you can ask the staff members/mods Enjoy your stay 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 If you ever wanna have weird but cool talks, come to the chat box 
 Originally Posted by Rei Shenso If you ever wanna have weird but cool talks, come to the chat box Where's the chat box? 
 Originally Posted by DesuMaiden Where's the chat box? On the home page all the way at the bottom. 
 If it's your wish, I will follow you everywhere, even if your throne crumbles, and your shiny crown turns to rust, even if the bodies pile up endlessly, above the bottomless pile corpses. Beside you as you like softly down, I will be until I hear the words "Checkmate". ~Sebastian Michaelis ~ Individual 4 ~ A4's Greatest Villain <Right Here Lmao 
