http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?151964-Walking-Dead-Season-4
 Walking Dead Season 4
 the first episode aired last week and not much happened until the end. I know this a "set up" episode for the rest of the season but I still wasn't that impressed. I liked how they skipped ahead a little bit and there were new relationships between the characters but a few things threw me off. why did ricks son leave when he found out the other kids were learning to use knives? I thought he would be excited. why did that lady bring rick to her camp to kill him and then just kill herself? was the black guy an alcoholic? did the kid at the end just turn into a walker or did he die and then turn? what were you thoughts on the first episode and do you think this season will be a good one? 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I was bored with the first episode. The lady in the forest with Rick was stupid. I felt like there was too much going on between everyone. Still curious to see what happens. Mostly interested in Michonne finding the Governor. 
 Not much hype for Walking Dead these days, after how poor season 2 was and season 3 was only marginally better. I am still watching Season 4 though, but so far, it's been pretty boring. I've never read the comics though, I heard its supposed to get crazier this season. 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 The first episode definitely threw me off as well. The second and third episode were a lot better. I have a feeling the episodes will get better and better. 
​
 Looks like a really good season and because of that, I'ma wait for it to finish; then I'll marathon. 
 The first episode seemed to be a display of the writers' unfaltering patience with their concept in the face of fans complaining, ratings dropping, and reviews looking worse and worse every season. It was boring. Uneventful. Stupid. The second episode was actually kind of good though. I like the fact that things are actually kind of happening. Hopefully the bad guy this season actually has a legitimate reason for being a bad guy and it's sufficiently explained because frankly I'm tired of aimless villainy in this show. 
 I'm actually enjoying the misery rather than feeling it. Nah I've given more breaks to it all probably more than anybody else but I haven't been doing that yet. Lots of things Like with the new music composed I'm liking the calming yet also threatening presence in the air makes me think of this track by Brad Fidel from the T2 soundtrack. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm-d7eSqxQw Zombies, forget about them there's nothing with them and everybody agrees, they're just useless so better now were seeing threats from within the people which they've done before but it's a little deeper this round, some points have been made that haven't been spoken before and man they talk a lot. With almost everyone having gone through so many changes it's still kind of difficult to know if when a character does something if it's something he/she would honestly do. Instead of it being a thrilling guessing game I'm really imagining if the writers have a good grasp. That and some useless gore are all I can see but I'm hoping the miles ahead are just like these last few. Just please no more stand offs with another rival gang of survivors I could write that scenario myself. 
 I just watched episode 4 and it was probably the worst of the season so far. the season needs to start moving a little bit faster, there needs to be a villain besides the virus. did the governor die last season? what happened to him? 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I just watched the latest ep yesterday, So if you've been keeping up and wanna know what happened to the governor their getting into that now, which is fine by me for a bit, things we're getting a bit slow for awhile at the Prison and that. So next week looks to be better as they keep going with the governors side of the story and what's happening with him. 
 I like the Governor's story so far and I actually looking forward to seeing him try and retrieve redemption for the things he's done. As for the prison group, if Glenn had died during when he was coughing up blood 2 episodes ago I would have cared more about their situation. All the people in the prison who have died this season are random extras or people we just started to know. At this point in season 3 Lori and T-Dog were already dead. I just want some of the MAIN characters to die to increase the drama and fear that this disease can get anyone. 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 I can´t match the times. The story of chapter six occurs in the past? Or meanwhile the disease was spreading at the prison? 
 Originally Posted by PirateKing I can´t match the times. The story of chapter six occurs in the past? Or meanwhile the disease was spreading at the prison? That's right, It's just following the governor from his veiwpoint and timeline since his last appearance last season. atm. 
 ya the gov seemed much more humain but i doubt he will stay like that. I wonder what he has planned? 
 This season has been a train wreck. The suspense is lacking and overall just not very good tv imho. 
 
 Originally Posted by Zenex ya the gov seemed much more humain but i doubt he will stay like that. I wonder what he has planned? Just my own guess but contains alot of info on what's happend so far..  Spoiler ^ Totally Agree, That's Cause the govenor was always mentally unstable, like in all things.. Locks ppl up with zombies, fight night's with them, then going Crazy and blowing his own ppl away when his attack fails on the prison. burns down his town after everyone leaves him, His mind totally snapped and he wanders around awhile.. ya well, it just dosen't make sense if he gains any redemption or anything on his own character.. I'm only guessing but it's my thoughts that he's just still all about revenge on the group and has been luring the dead towards the prison cause he's completely snapped on getting revenge anyway possible. But that's just my guess. 
 Originally Posted by Fonda Just my own guess but contains alot of info on what's happend so far..  Spoiler ^ Totally Agree, That's Cause the govenor was always mentally unstable, like in all things.. Locks ppl up with zombies, fight night's with them, then going Crazy and blowing his own ppl away when his attack fails on the prison. burns down his town after everyone leaves him, His mind totally snapped and he wanders around awhile.. ya well, it just dosen't make sense if he gains any redemption or anything on his own character.. I'm only guessing but it's my thoughts that he's just still all about revenge on the group and has been luring the dead towards the prison cause he's completely snapped on getting revenge anyway possible. But that's just my guess. oh no he gets worse from what i remember them saying in talking dead....apparently he is a real savage crazy so and so which means he def will not get nicer all of a sudden 
 the starring section is the best 
 Welp the Governor is a dick again. 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 In two episodes he's become more interesting than the entire previous year, the montage of him traveling and going back to Woodbury was great but the story wasn't on target all the time. Why did those folks and that woman cling to him so quickly, tragic moments like being trapped in the grave and their father reawakening in the bed were more hilarious than anything because of the continuing problem on the show which demands that gore be shown, save the time and money for something bigger at the end. As soon as the camp appointed a new leader you knew he was becoming his former again more so with that awful debate when they see other survivors and their supplies which was pretty awful. Sure there's people like that, "f*** em lets take their food and &^%$ them while were at it" but it just didn't feel authentic here with the generic PTSD soldier. Good stuff, just stepping on some old grounds again is all and you know he won't shoot her in the first second of the next episode, if that does happen, hmm. 
 Ya, Like I had intuition of the Governor before, a guy who go`s to extremes.. and like Zen said he gets Crazier and Crazier. My thoughts on him are alright as far as the story is going and how his character is supposed to be, like I saw him wander around, then revert back to crazy and becoming way Past Crazy now. So ya I`m enjoying the story for what it is cause their following the way characters actually are. ( Mid season finalie soon though makes me a bit..) 
 So what are everyone's predictions for the mid-season finale deaths. Mine are: Herschel The Governor Judith Glenn or Maggie Sasha All remaining unnamed characters 
 "Some things are hard to understand - like jellyfish. Do you understand jellyfish? People are like jellyfish to me. I don't understand." Rin Tezuka- Katawa Shoujo
 If you've never read the comics, I highly suggest doing so. Far better than the show. As for Season 4, it's been okay. The mid-season finale looks like it has promise, but you never know. If it even remotely follows the comics or even the preview we saw last episode, it should be really good and leave us wanting more. 
 The midseason finale was really amazing. That was the best quality TWD I've seen since the very first episode. I'm actually kinda glad that the Governor storyline didn't end so early. 
  Spoiler * Thank you for dropping the bomb or in this case the tank shells, this was what the S3 finale could have been. This governor, * duh I mean Brian story brought up some issues. We were set up to believe he was gone and that there were other problems occuring like this strange flu that's killing people. Looks like all that was just written as a way to give Hershel some great time on screen before he was rid of. We went back into season 3 territory with Brian vs Rick here but it seemed too soon, at least it was violent and quick and most important heart grabbing, I won't deny the show can take away characters without mercy even kids man die. At least hes gone and we can move on still again these last 3 episodes seemed like an apology to viewers. We know you want to know what happened to Brian so here it is, and we'll end it quick to save us from running into familiar scenarios. They had one conversation and then it was hell, thank you for that. I am interested in how everyone will survive being separated but please don't forget about the flu story, Carol or Tyresse, or Bob Stookey's drinking issue though I still call him D'Angelo. Wire fans anybody? 
 i had question in my mind that if you're in walking dead series, who'd like to go with Rick or Governor ?? cause both leaders are seems like same to me :P 
best weight loss guides
