http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?137503-What-are-your-religious-beliefs/page11
[Personal Life Discussions] What are your religious beliefs? - Page 11
 I'm agnostic but I don't really contemplate if there's a god. I'm more interested on the differing religions. I actually know very little about any religions and I'm hoping to change that, even if just a little.. XD My parents raised me without mentioning religion, and I only went to church up to age five. My mom wanted to let me decide. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 ive read a good amount of religious book so i have taken pieces from them all. i dont think someone should just believe what their parents believe. i think it is up to each person to research and do alot of thinking about what is important to them and what they stand for/believe in. i cant say i classify as one religion 
"I'll say it once more. I am the mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!"
 I was raised as a strict atheist, but i believe that our lives have always been set out for us and it's our jobs on earth to choose the happiest ways through them. 
 I'm more or less Eclectic,I try not to focus to much on any specific Religion; rather I gather information about other religions to help me interpret a Higher Being of some kind, though I was raised to be baptist so naturally I still do follow the main beliefs of the Baptist Religion (such as Jesus dying on a cross) I keep my mind entirely open to the possibility that Baptism is incorrect. 

 Christian and always be Christian. 
Answer my call, Dark Spear.
 I'm Moslem, and I liked this religion :P 
 "Once-in-a-lifetime encounter"
 I like to believe and hope that death is not the end, but nothing can be sure. I like to believe that "doing the right thing" will improve my and others' lives as a whole as well. However, I don't consider myself to be a part of any group because I'm a free thinker. 
 I'm not very big on religion, though I was raised as christian by a very huge believing christian mother. I guess maybe I was just turned off by the associated stigma of some religions, by watching how some people treat others or act in general (more so the extreme radicals than anything - every religion has them. A good example would be WBC). So far my religion is just kindness and fighting for anyone that can't fight for themselves, like helping people who are gay, or are made to feel lesser in this world of hate and discrimination. Or even animals, but not in that PETA sense. If anyone hurts my cat and i'm kicking their ass :P I believe there to be places where people go, like for example heaven/hell blah blah. And I feel that there is/are God/s. I just don't know who or what they are. As a kid I had a really hard time in Church. When asked if God has spoken to us, or helped us, etc. I raised my hand that he didn't, and they would pray for me. Despite at the time of me believing in it, I never once had any form of relationship with God, and I don't think the Christian God will ever have one with me. So here I am feeling lost, but also not so lost at the same time. I know who I am, and that I'm still morally complete and good, but at the very same time open to change. However, I am very big on Karma. I believe in it, I mean have you ever looked at someone who has a pimple that's bad and think "oh man, I would hate to get that, sucks for them." And then the next day or few days you get a bad one too? Yeah, karma. It's a b*tch, and I work hard for good karma to be in karma's good graces. xD I used to consider myself agnostic, but I don't know where I would really land on the religion spectrum, I just don't know. 
 Last edited by Faerhen; 10-23-2013 at 06:10 PM. 
xxavacredxx
 My parents tried to raise me to be Christian, but I was never really that into it. I didn't really see the point of how I had to sit in a church for an hour for some book verses and choirs when all that should matter is the values you learn from it. Plus, I've been witness to people who take their beliefs too far, so I just don't concern myself with religion anymore. Not sure if this makes me an atheist or what, but I'll find out when I'm dead if the Bible had truth to it or if it was just a book that scared the living s**t out of you. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Originally Posted by Game Over My parents tried to raise me to be Christian, but I was never really that into it. I didn't really see the point of how I had to sit in a church for an hour for some book verses and choirs when all that should matter is the values you learn from it. Plus, I've been witness to people who take their beliefs too far, so I just don't concern myself with religion anymore. Not sure if this makes me an atheist or what, but I'll find out when I'm dead if the Bible had truth to it or if it was just a book that scared the living s**t out of you. That sort of reminds me of The Big Bang Theory. " I don't object to the concept of a deity, but I'm baffled by the notion of one that takes attendance." 
 Originally Posted by Kuroki That sort of reminds me of The Big Bang Theory. " I don't object to the concept of a deity, but I'm baffled by the notion of one that takes attendance." Wow, I don't even watch the Big Bang Theory, so I didn't even know about that phrase. I guess its more or less true with me. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I'm leaning more towards agnostic. 
 I've been an atheist all my life. I can't remember ever believing in any higher being. I do find it interesting to learn more about religions though, specifically Buddhism. I don't think I'd ever be able to follow one though. If anything, I believe in science, if you can call that a belief. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 Here's a question: If Christians believe in God, who does God believe in? Obviously no one else, so does that make God an atheist? Mind f**k! 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 I was raised in a Pentecostal, Born-Again, Evangelical Christian house from the ages of 10-18. From day one, it did not feel right to me, the theology didn't make any sense, the people seemed more prone to judge than to care, and I was led to believe that if it wasn't Christian-based, anything I did was considered sinful. Needless to say, that left a bitter taste. Now I am a very content atheist who feels very free from the opiate of the people. "Human decency is not derived from religion. It precedes it." -Christopher Hitchens 
 I'd say I'm somewhere between an atheist and an agnostic, but I'm probably leaning towards the latter. After all, I believe in a destiny of some sort. 
 i don't have any. hey did anyone catch Atwill in London? supposedly he had incontrovertible proof that the Romans invented the character Jesus. They made Jesus a pacifist in contrast to David so jews would stop revolting, according to Atwill. 
weh mir, oh weh
 I'll go with atheist on this one, maybe even agnostic a little bit. I don't really like organized religion much and I'm not willing to believe in anything that I can't see 
 The rivals just got a lot sexier.
 I'm open minded. Whatever happens after I die happens. It's out of my control so there's not really any reason to speculate or have wishful thinking when there's no solid proof backing the existence/nonexistence of any given religion. That's just how I feel. I'm totally cool with people having religious beliefs and wouldn't completely write off eventually having some of my own (whether it be for/against) given a good reason. 
​
 I don't believe in any God . I believe in myself . I try to repect others believes to some extent at least.... 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
