http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158051-Ever-broken-any-bones
 Ever broken any bones?
 Yepp yepp, let's become brofriends forever. I haven't. 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 I have...an arm. Not too badly.....wont be rushing back into it though. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Hun7ah I have...an arm. Not too badly.....wont be rushing back into it though. Hope it wasn't the good arm. I can only imagine the instant pain, I see myself very lucky, although I still have a very long life left, so who knows.. 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 The pain is somewhat crippling. It was 7 years ago in school dance class. Just fell on it after a jumping move, had to hold it in place. Even touching it with a finger made me want to cry out. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Nope, i never really had anything bad happen to me 
 Originally Posted by hireshi Hope it wasn't the good arm. Haha oh god. No it wasnt...thankfully. 
 ~A product of Raffee's silky skills.  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Oh yes, I fell off a 2 story roof after getting drunk and trying to clean my sick after puking out the attic window, seemed like a considerate thing to do at the time. Anyway end result was punctured lung, broken ribs, cracked pelvis, broken arm and a spinal injury. I somehow managed to get back inside at which point my friend offered me two parcetamol for the pain before I was swiftly taken to hospital. 
 Last edited by Ryuk86; 08-22-2014 at 03:56 PM. 
http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...62-Rebel-Quest 
 Never broke anything even thought I once fell from a tree . 
  Spoiler "If the king does not lead, how can he expect his subordinates to follow?"
 Snapped my wrist when I was a kid. Both the radius and ulna. It was a growth plate fracture, so there was a risk of suffering stunted growth, but fortunately that didn't happen. That's it so far. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 Never Broken a born in my life.. Worst Injury I had would be either stepping on an old rusty nail (went straight through my foot) when I was about 7ish.. Or about 2 years ago when I tore a muscle in my lower back.. Couldn't sleep at night, My back was always hurting and I couldn't do anything about it except stop moving all together... But luckily, never broke a born. 
 { All Credit for this goes to Raffee }
 I almost disintegrated my right hand in hockey (and the following event). Playing the puck along the boards, and was checked from behind. Unfortunately, my hand was between the boards and the glass (with the 2cm gap) so the top part of my hand went on the glass, and the bottom stayed with the boards. It was hurting pretty good, but I didn't realize it was partially broken until I (finished off my hand) punching the kid in the head. Several custom casts with wireframing and a few months later, I was (almost) good as new. Ironic thing, the way my middle finger broke, it almost looks like that hippee "Peace" symbol. I also have a deflated disk in my neck, a torn rotator cuff and dislocation in my left shoulder which will eventually require surgery, and limited cartilage in my left knee. 
 Learning Photoshop? Check out my video tutorials! 
 Had two broken bones. First one was way back when I was in 1st grade. Was horseback riding and did not take my father's advice and keep my feet in the sturrips. Before I even knew what had happened I was thrown off the horse and landed on a grassy patch but I landed directly on my right elbow. At least it was a clean break. Easy to set. The second one was when I was 14. Riding my bike (at top speed) and slammed the breaks to avoid a squirrel that ran out in front of me. Flipped over the bars and landed face first. Didn't realize until later on that something had broken. Didn't find out until getting to the hospital that it was my collarbone. The good news is that they don't have to set it. The bad news is you aren't partaking in any sports for a month or two while it heals. I've had other injuries over the years as well. Pulled a leg muscle, pulled a back muscle (I really don't recommend anyone trying this), and was hit by a car (and despite flying through the air over the handlebars of my bike I did not break any bones. One hell of a case of road rash, however. To this day, if I go under a black light, you can see where the new skin grew). 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 All I ever broke was a finger and a couple of toes (not all at the same time ;D) Thought I broke my wrist once on an ATV but it ended up just being a bad sprain. 
  Spoiler 
 Nope. I've had a couple of scares but they only ever turned out to be sprains. 
 I broke/fractured my knee skateboarding. Didn't go to the hospital. I let the bone heal. You can feel a big lump of bone where it repaired itself. Yes, I'm a badass. 
 Originally Posted by Wuhdever I broke/fractured my knee skateboarding. Didn't go to the hospital. I let the bone heal. You can feel a big lump of bone where it repaired itself. Yes, I'm a badass. Skateboards are a recipe for injuries :P 
 My free A4 avatars. Pick one! Currently watching: K-ON 
 When i was on elementary school i was playing soccer outside and i fell. well guess what i broke my collarbone. 2 months to heal... 3-4 years later 1 week before summer vaction going to highschool LOL, i broke my elbow falling in my last gym lesson. sucks to be me. took me 2 1/2 months to heal. 
 http://www.anime-planet.com/users/TehMusicx
 Growing up I broke my wrist 3 times. Left wrist once cuz i just fell on it and right wrist twice trying to imitate pro wrestling. One was a choke slam through a bed (long story) and the other was me trying to break my fall lol I broke a bone in my left foot playing basketball And its not a bone but I tore my acl playing football I think thats it... 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Broke my left middle finger when my dad slammed a door on it, but I pulled it out right before it closed completely so lucky me In the beginning of the year I completely broke my right arm (radius and ulna) playing hockey and took a bad hit. 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
 Nope lived a pretty mundane life as far as that goes. I did have a sprained finger once from playing around with a baseball.. Nothing major though..... Sent from my Nexus 7 using Tapatalk 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Never, the only real injury I've had at all was a calf strain a few years ago. 
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon http://myanimelist.net/profile/Novaire Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 When I was 5 we got in a reallly bad car wreck, my brother and I flew headfirst out the windshield. My skull was cracked and dented, still have a few big dents to this day. They act up and give me migraines whenever the weather gets too hot or cold. 
I am your LEADER, YOU are my PET, you WILL let go of my FINGER !!!
 At some point when I was growing up I think I fell and at least fractured my wrist. I never went to the hospital and it eventually healed on its own after a few months. Now I have a lump that protrudes from my wrist so I assume its bone. 
“It's only when you have grazed on the lower slopes of your own ignorance and begun to understand the great vistas of nonknowledge that you have, that you can claim to have been educated at all.”
 When I was two I snapped my left shin in half when the foot pedal of a swing thing on a jungle gym hit me when I tried to get off. Last October I snapped my humerus (upper arm) at work. Work in disability services and had been out swimming with clients for the day. Another client was excited to see me and ran at me for a hug. He pulled me in for the hug while he was still running and fell backwards. I knew I didn't have him and didn't want him to fall flat on his back so turned us so we'd both hit our sides. Hit a stone wall and when I went to get off the floor realized my arm wasn't moving with me. Took 14 weeks to heal On the upside had some badass bruising and xrays to show off 

 Broke a finger and toe as a kid. Was hell. 
