http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?152155-What-game-made-you-frustrated-you-the-most
 What game made you frustrated you the most?
 Dark Souls I may love the game but it still pisses me off and any type of racing games 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 Dead Island. I will never play that game again. 
​
 Every sports game I've ever owned especially Madden sometimes it just seems like you cant stop em it gets ridiculous at times! Oh and when I was a scrub in street fighter that was pretty bad too! 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
 When I first got my ps1 I got some crappy games with it and one was men in black. The first level was so dark and I couldn't see what I was doing at all. I was too young to realize I could adjust the screen brightness so I just rage quit. Also sports games, especially football games I suck at. 
 oh this is one i will never forget. - super ninetendo - super metriod - this guy i played this boss for hrs ( b4 i learned the simple beat him in 3 second trick ) and kept dieing and dieing and i got so mad i stood up and kicked mu old hardwood floor model tv and broke my toe. 
 Originally Posted by Reflections Dead Island. I will never play that game again. I was afraid someone would say that. I just bought the Deep Silver bundle. ._. Well, the Saint's Row games are proving..interesting. My worst game experience? Battletoads. The only game I ever rage quit on. "Retro games" are so hardcore! 
 Originally Posted by Raven Dove I was afraid someone would say that. I just bought the Deep Silver bundle. ._. Well, the Saint's Row games are proving..interesting. My worst game experience? Battletoads. The only game I ever rage quit on. "Retro games" are so hardcore! Dead island wouldn't be so bad if they didn't give you a paddle for a weapon in the beginning. It's not a bad weapon if you are only dealing with only one of the zombies but when a group of them are coming at you, it's pretty much worthless. *sigh* 
​
 There are a few games that a just raged quit in, but the one that made me mad the most was Dota 2 

 Probably Demon's Souls and Volgarr the Viking Volgarr was more of a fun frustration though 
 Does this include MMO's? Because its LoL 

 When it comes to rude game communities? Definitely LoL, and it's up there with WoW for me. 
 Any RPG where I've gotten to the last dungeon before a boss fight, and I had to stop playing for a week because I got caught up in something. Then when I turn it back on, I have no idea where I am or where I am going. :v 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 Originally Posted by cronichazel Any RPG where I've gotten to the last dungeon before a boss fight, and I had to stop playing for a week because I got caught up in something. Then when I turn it back on, I have no idea where I am or where I am going. :v id high five your if i could because Omg hass that happened to me on so many occasions you will be in the middle of a game and have to stop then when you come back as you say your just lost. no idea what was the last thing you did and where you were and you wanna stat again but spent so much time playing you get pissed like do i just dive in and figure it out or start again.... I personally usually start again i wanna enjoy the game and story and if im lost i wont 
 OMG! CRON IS BACK! I hate his sig so much ;_; OT: Superman 64. I was YOUNG when I got the game, and I literally could not beat the first level for 2 years. I played it 5 years later and got through quite a lot of it, then got stuck on another level, since then never played it. Can't tell if I was a severely retarded kid, or that game is impossible for kids. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I've never encountered a game that actually pissed me off. One of my roommates says Dark Souls was his and the other roommate said Dead or Alive 4. Then again, they both get angered so easily that it confuses the hell out of me, so it wouldn't be that much of a stretch since EVERY SINGLE GAME seems to irritate them. 
"Some paths lead to answers and some paths....ARE the answers. I see. No wonder you're so powerful." - Faust to Leo, Guilty Gear Xrd -sign-
 Touhou EOSD made me rage quit a lot. It's a good game, but trying to beat Flandre's stage is a nightmare. 
 'I didn't want to learn that living meant losing.' 
 Seeing as how I havn't posted anything on A4 in a LONG time, I'll talk a bit here. Final Fantasy 12 frustrated me the most. I swear, the things you can miss in that game. In order to get the most powerful weapon, there's 4 chests you can't open at any point in the game before you get the weaopne. I OPENED THOSE CHESTS WITHOUT KNOWING IT! I raged so hard. I started a new game, but have missed more missables, however I'm not starting a new game this time. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
 Section Z on the NES used to make me scream at my TV in frustration. Those were the days. 

 OMG! I TOTALLY KNOW MY #1!!! In Osu! I was trying to get 100% in this 1 ****ing song... Had to do it like 200 times! Pretty rage inducing... http://osu.ppy.sh/u/791335#_general Click on Historical 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Ohhh Street Fighter. Street Fighter 4. And super Street Fighter 4: Arcade edition... same thing basically but y'know. I became an angry person from that game man. I played Viper and people just love to sh*t on her... I went to NZ nationals to compete for it. First off my "Universal" Fight pad was not f*cking universal, and I had to play on a stick that wasn't mine and was looser than a drunk Geordie in a sauna (I kept my stick very tight and responsive). It wasn't just the unbalance of the game that irked me constantly. I've never played another game that spawned a group of people, community or culture that was just so arrogant and rude and straight up dicky. I know that's not strictly the games fault but gawd damnit, some of the twats I met playing that game. But even after years of frustration and a lifetime W/L ration or 30/70, I still like to play the game every now and then. Its just so satisfying and unique, very sagacious, there's no other gaming sensation like it for me. 
 ChatterboxZombie is like, Dokuro-chans biggest NZ fan or something Pipirupirupirupipirupi~ Interested in Anime Reviews? CLICK HERE 
 Originally Posted by Reflections Dead Island. I will never play that game again. What's so bad about dead Island the game's pretty fun 
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice f*ck you Patches 
 - Dark Souls (I thought I was doing ok until I got to Sen's Fortress. This is also the one game I don't think I can finish due to the difficulty. =\) - Super Hexagon (Interesting Choice since I play it all the time on my phone) - Frozen Synapse (Got to a point where I could not beat the stage) - Gran Turismo 5 (Waste of time and money. Most boring racing game I experienced) 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Originally Posted by cronichazel Any RPG where I've gotten to the last dungeon before a boss fight, and I had to stop playing for a week because I got caught up in something. Then when I turn it back on, I have no idea where I am or where I am going. :v Oh my...I'm very much in this category of gamer as well. X_X I've quit many (awesome) RPGs because of this habit. :/ 
 Originally Posted by Bo_TheTechSage Seeing as how I havn't posted anything on A4 in a LONG time, I'll talk a bit here. Final Fantasy 12 frustrated me the most. I swear, the things you can miss in that game. In order to get the most powerful weapon, there's 4 chests you can't open at any point in the game before you get the weaopne. I OPENED THOSE CHESTS WITHOUT KNOWING IT! I raged so hard. I started a new game, but have missed more missables, however I'm not starting a new game this time. oh the spear lol...ya that is stupid. in a game that long and in depth you should never have anything you cant do at a later time because it sucks. you wanna play the game right and no guides etc then at the end take a look around only to find you missed awsome stuff. im conflicted about that game tho because it had great graphics but left alot to be desired for one example....vans dream is to be a sky pirate but he never gets a ship of his own? 
 Originally Posted by Zenex oh the spear lol...ya that is stupid. in a game that long and in depth you should never have anything you cant do at a later time because it sucks. you wanna play the game right and no guides etc then at the end take a look around only to find you missed awsome stuff. im conflicted about that game tho because it had great graphics but left alot to be desired for one example....vans dream is to be a sky pirate but he never gets a ship of his own? He gets one (I think) at the end of the game. The game is great until you realize what all you missed. I'd like to play the Zodiak Job System game and XII-2 Revenant Wings. Final Fantasy XII is by far the most frustrating game I've ever played, because while its easy, your gut drops when you finally realize you missed the Zodiak Spear and most of the loot needed to make the Tournesol sword. 
 I am the serpent, lurking deep under water. Today, a water snake; tomorrow, a Hydra... 
