http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?149979-Anime-you-wish-for-to-be-real/page2
[Anime] Anime you wish for to be real? - Page 2
 BLUE EXORCIST *****S! and why u may ask well cuz it would be awesome to kick some demon ass and be with RIN! ^~^ 
 Pokemon would probably be the most fun to come to life. It would be pretty sweet to have monsters who fight for you. Digimon might be another one for similar reasons, but now the monsters can talk lol 
Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews "This drill will open a hole in the universe, and that hole will be a path for those behind us. The dreams of those who have fallen, the hopes of those who will follow. Those two sets of dreams weaved together into a double helix drilling a path towards tomorrow. And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann! My drill is the drill, that creates the heavens!"~ Simon
 Sailor moon,Inuyasha,Yugioh,FMA brotherhood,and most likely Pokemon. Would love to be a sailor senshi,fight demons as a half demon,duel with cards,use alchemy and travel with Eevee. 

 Wouldn't mind Shingeki No Kyojin being real, even though I'd **** myself 

 I'd say Fullmetal Alchemist. Mainly cause the world is so similar but yet it's somewhat stuck in time. For example having Automail but only having 1920s cars. I'd also love to be able to have powers like the ability to transmutation or something. 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Death Note C:< Loljks, i want Toriko to be real. Food ; A ; 
Individual Eleven #10, Master of Randomness o3o Did you know I'm a turtle? But not just a turtle, I'm a sheep too . But not just a sheep, I'm a turtle too , But not just any... just.. nvm... - From a TurtleSheep c: 
 You want to release a psychopath just to have a certain type of food? #_# 
 Carpenter Brut - Le Perv | David L. Puga - Egg-Shaped Prison(Dr. Robotnik Theme) | Sabrepulse - Milotic - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Thank you for riding the Psycho Express, Toot-toot! All aboard, I'll be collecting your tickets, we have beverages in the DINING CAR!!!" - Krieg 
 Any Harem Anime where Girls move in with me.....heheheh! Finally I get some....but alass that is not real life. Kuroinu Kedakaki Seijo Wa Hakudaku ni Somaru - Def would want to make "friends" with princesses of that world. Most specific the elves lol. 
Signature Created by: Varjokettu
 Originally Posted by Shadow Fox Any Harem Anime where Girls move in with me.....heheheh! Finally I get some... This guy right here, doin' it right. 
 So far from what ive seen i wouldnt mind the world of attack on titan no specific character just to be in the scout regiment Again its the whole fight or die thing, but i guess i could say that for most any anime along those lines, but attack on titan is at least different then the normal crap^_^= so i go with that yepp 
 Pokemon - Everyone wants to be a pokemon trainer at a part of their lives. SAO - Probably one of the best real life adaptions there ever would be. Come on, playing an online VMMORPG would just be awesome. High School Of The Dead - Zombies + ecchi. High School DxD - Who cares about the fights? Ecchi! 
To Defeat evil, I have to become an even greater Evil. - Lelouch Vi Brittania 
 I've discussed stuff similar to this with friends before, and there were always two categories. Category 1: You're a special. AKA a main character. Category 2: You're not a special. AKA random bystander. In Cat 2 I'd either do Yu-Gi-Oh! or Pokemon. They're the ones where you're most likely to live both a normal life and still get to do cool stuff within the confines of that universe. Stuff like DBZ where anyone can train into a superman is tempting, but it takes a lifetime of work only to be weaker than every alien by default. In Cat 1 I'd do one where I could be in a mech, that's all I want. I'll take almost any Gundam series or anything, but if I had to choose a singular series I'd probably do Vandread, because I get to be the center of an awesome harem while also getting to pilot a dope mech. 
 I wish the World in .Hack was real. I would love to play a game like that minus the ending up in a coma part. 
 Last edited by Joanro; 08-29-2013 at 07:24 PM. 
 Pokemon, obviously. SAO, even though I'd probably get killed. Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica, I'd wish for more wishes. 
 Mainly Pokemon.Because it would be funner training Pokemon instead of normal animal's. 

 Originally Posted by MsBloodyFallen ♥ Either Sword Art Online or Vampire Knight! SAO will be the best for the game fanatic like me . . 
 " Find something to believe in, and find it for yourself. When you do, pass it on to the future."- Solid Snake 
 Black cat would be awesome I'd love to be a sweeper. 
  Spoiler  Spoiler 
 Dragonball Z, hands down (IF im a saiyan. it would endlessly suck if I was a human) but for adventure purposes, Pokémon. I'd take being a pokemon master over being a college slave anyday 
 I would like SAO to be real I WOULD BE THE BEST PLAYER EVERRR!!! xD 
♥Kaori​  Spoiler "[People are] quite different. What grips me need hardly touch you at all. ... What is innocence in you may be guilt in me. ... What has no consequences for you may be the last nail in my coffin." - Kafka
 Are there any people wish the life like Natsume Yūjin-chō can be real? Although people have to face different kinds of danger from time to time, the interpersonal relationship there are very pure and people can communicate faithfully. I think it's worth experiencing. Does anyone has similar idea? 

 SAO would be amazing! 
 I would like Claymore to be real. It would like to serve the Organisation and want my rank to be in the top 5. Then all I would do is kill as many Yomas and Awakened Beings. ^_^;; 
 Pokemon for sure . . . aaa think about it . . no school, lotsa trees around and even if yo on fire and get hit by a thunder wave we still wouldnt die. . . maybe we wouldnt grow old either. . . that will be sweet I would have also said dragonballz, it would have been awesome to see vegeta and goku, but then i will be such a weakling there. . . i dont wanna be a weakling . . . I am also thinking mirrai nikki . . . . 
 Any Gundam series, because i would totally be a pilot! do i have to give a reason other that GIANT FLIPIN ROBOTS!!! 
Sand Cats are Bloody Adorable. 
 I thought of another one; School Days. I'd have sex with practically every attractive female I cross eyes with. Sure I'll die in the end; but I don't even care. All dat booty. 
