http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?158684-School-and-Travelling
[Personal Life Discussions] School and Travelling
 I'm currently located in Japan for Studying Abroad, and I must say, It's 1 of only 3 school related subjects that I like (if you call it a subject), with Band (Marching) and Economics being the other 2. I'm learning the culture and the history, and it's very interesting, but it's a huge pain in my ass trying to learn the language. I want to, but it's so damn hard. I hit the books trying to learn the language long before I actually left, but still. I got the basics of the honorifics before I even left, and writing isn't hard to learn, but the words and speaking is so hard. I only know how to keep a relatively basic conversation. Watching a lot of subbed anime, as well as listening to my Spanish teacher give lectures in nothing but Spanish, gave me a feel of listening to the words and trying to understand it from basic word knowledge, so that helped, but I still get easily confused. Why isn't Japanese as easy as Spanish? Very few times have I run into a jerk. The people are usually nice, and go about their business For the most part, the food is good. The hotels are 5 star I'm still getting used to the weird and WTF stuff I see on TV. It's crazy I'm loving it here so far. I have a close friend that I made almost immediately upon arrival. He's pretty cool. He said my name (nicknamed Tay) was pretty weird though, and he gave me the name Koji. Since his last name is Hiroyuki, I took that, hence my Japanese name that I go by while here. He said it suits a "cool" black guy, while I gave him the name Jonathan (or John) as his American name, because he's a damn genius, and that sounds like a smart guy name. Anyways......... What are/were your favorite subjects in school? and if you could, tell why Also, where would you like to travel, and why? I like Band because music, and I like Economics because it has a lot of interesting concepts. The teacher I had wasn't a dumbass. He knew his stuff, and wasn't a prick to everybody. He was awesome Other than Japan, I'd love to go to England. I heard many many good things about it from a friend of mine who chose that as her location of Studying Abroad. She told me the best thing was that she didn't have to learn an entirely new language to operate, like I do. Teasing me, I bet. Eh........ 
