http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159821-Any-Lord-of-the-Rings-The-Hobbit-fans
 Any Lord of the Rings/ The Hobbit fans?
 As for me, I grew up with the lore and the stories of all the books in my household. This is primarily due to the fact that my father has read the trilogy about twelve times, along with The Hobbit, The Silmarillion, and all of the background material that was published separately. So as you can imagine, the stories that he told me when I was a kid rubbed off on me and turned me into a loyal fan. I have always been fascinated with the beautiful and magical world that Tolkien describes so vividly in his writings. So far, I've read The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, and I plan on reading The Silmarillion very soon. While the majority of the population may know the overall story of The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit through the movies, most people don't realize that there is sooooo much background information on the events that took place in Middle Earth, as well as the Undying lands, that is only briefly mentioned in the Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit. The LOTR's and The Hobbit are both set in the Third Age, which include the time from when Sauron was first defeated and lost the Ring, to the time that the Ring was finally destroyed for good in the fires of Mount Doom. The time after the Ring was destroyed is known as the Fourth Age; also where Aragorn claimed the thrown of Gondor. The First and Second ages however are only mentioned in the briefest of fashions, if at all in the LOTR's and The Hobbit. Instead, the book called The Silmarillion speaks mostly about the First Age, from what I've been told. You might be wondering, what's so special about the first age? Well, we all know that Sauron is the most powerful being in the Third Age. However, in the First Age, there was an evil entity called Melkor who was exponentially stronger than Sauron. In fact, Sauron was one of Melkor's servants during this time. In fear of spoiling anything for someone who might find a new or renewed interest in the books, I won't go into more detail. I just wanted to mention a little of the ancient history that I found very interesting. That's enough of my rambling now. Lol. I could go on for hours on end, talking about the books, movies and everything else associated with it. So now tell me, are you a fan? If anyone wants to talk further about the story or anything, let me know!!! If not, thanks for reading anyways!!! 
