http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157502-A4-Month-2014-Anime-forums-is-12!
 A4 Month 2014 - Anime-forums is 12!
 A4 month is almost upon us. (Semi copy paste from last year) To explain to the new members. A4 is 12 years old this year, 12th August. (It's almost a teenager!) Every year, A4 hosts a month long series of events during August to celebrate A4's birthday. Events themselves don't need to last the entire month. You can have a series of week long mini events, it just depends on who is hosting and how they want to run their particular event. If people still want a chat thread this year, I will start one as a sticky in GNAD on 1st August. This is where you come in: If anyone has ideas for events that they'd like to see happen, then post them up. We can host Anime Simulwatch events during the month if people are interested? What about a birthday themed A4 Idol - Oh God, did I really just suggest that? We could hold a anime review competition, where people choose an anime and write a review for it. We've done this before in the past and it was pretty fun. Successful reviews could get featured on our Facebook page. Last year's review comp didn't have a winner because I was totally bogged down with thesis work, but this year I will be around, and we can set up a team of judges. There are so many other things we could do, art events, "caption this" events, and so on We'd love to see members hosting some of them and making their friends get involved. The more people that participate, the more fun it will be for everyone. As events start, we'll throw them up in an announcement so that your threads get more attention, and we'll use our Facebook page (clicky) to remind members to come check out what is going on. Post event ideas in this thread. You can host them yourself if you want to. We would also appreciate some help from volunteers in running the A4 month shtuffles. Events so far: A4 Month 2014 Events Hi everyone! A whole bunch of A4 birthday events have already begun over the weekend. Most events run until the end of the month. Please check out the individual threads for further details. Picture Us 3 The "Picture Us" contest has returned. This is your chance to troll the A4 staff and make us laugh. The idea is to create pictures based on us. You don't have to be an artist, there is a lot of things you can do including making collages or motivational pics. Check out the thread here for details. The Prize: renaming a moderator (I thought the name thing was a good idea at the time, not so sure now when I think about it. >.>) Click here A4 Month Signature Competition (with a twist) This is just like any other signature contest except for one little detail. You are asked to create a sig that references members of A4. Click here MS Paint A4 a Birthday Card Can you draw like a 10 year old? MS Paint us a birthday card. Click here Short Story or Fanfic Contest Do you enjoy creative writing? This one is for you. Click here Anime Review Competition (Prize contest) Our Anime Review section needs some love, and every so often we hold prize contests. If you write a review during this month, post it in the anime and manga section, post the link in the thread below so that we know that you intend to submit for the competition, THEN report your post so that it can be moved to Reviews. Green Bird has kindly sponsored a $40 Amazon gift card to the winner. The winning entry will also be featured on our Facebook page Click here A4's Next Top Model Camwhore's rejoice. Of course I am pointing my finger at you, Peter. Click here Giffology Post gifs that relate to A4 and its members. Click here and last but not least The Return of the Abominable A4 Chat Thread The chat thread is back for one month only, a haven of off topicness and spam. D: Click here There may be other events posted throughout the month, so we will add to this list if necessary. HAPPY 12th BIRTHDAY A4! (That means all of you) 
 Last edited by Shannon Apple; 08-04-2014 at 04:39 PM. 
 Do you RP, or are you interested in learning? Join our Role Player's Society here on A4. Would you like a baseball bat to shove up your ass along with that stick? You're a mod, please act like one A4 is on FACEBOOK
