http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?155484-Bleach-Parallels-between-Soul-Society-amp-Hueco-Mundo-arc
 Bleach; Parallels between Soul Society & Hueco Mundo arc
 First real article (hence why I'm posting it here,) so feel free to rip into it! I'm just happy I managed to make it look this good without a toolbar xD I will be the first to admit that I’m beating a dead horse, one that has been dead for a while. But if Kubo can abuse its carcass, why can’t I? Yes, the show I am talking about is Bleach, which started promising enough with its fairly good first arc and intense second arc. However, after that it all kind of went downhill. I hear a number of fans argue that the filler arcs ruined it because they deviated from the manga, which doesn’t hold a lot of water considering the source material’s popularity has also plummeted. So there’s something definitely wrong on Kubo’s part. Some have criticized the leading character’s lack of development, the story taking too long to get anywhere and the overall plot being repetitive. I’m here to talk about the latter, specifically the Hueco Mundo arc, and how similar it is to the Soul Society arc, so there will be spoilers ahead. I’m not the first to mention these, this guy brings up most of the ones I will list off in this article (and more,) but I’ll expand on all the parallels (so you can see just how copy and pasted they are,) then address how they differ and why most of these instances in the Hueco Mundo don’t hold up, some work though. The abduction of the princess One of the leading female characters gives into the demands of an emotionally detached, gloomy individual (Ichigo’s second rival for the rescue arc,) who has come to Karakura Town to abduct her and take her back to his stronghold. She submits because her friends are in danger and she doesn’t have the strength to retaliate. What’s different? Rukia was the first girl to be taken away, by her brother of all things, with the assistance of her former classmate and childhood friend, Renji. So there’s lots of juicy drama right away, which the Soul Society takes full advantage of. As for her friends who are in peril, they’re Ichigo and Uryu. She doesn’t really have any personal connection to the latter, so she’s mostly doing it for Ichigo which builds on their dynamic (which they’ve been working on since the first volume.) Rukia also got the most amount of panel time next to Ichigo, so by this point the reader is invested in her character as well as her fate. Orihime’s kidnapping in the Hueco Mundo arc isn’t as strong. Firstly there’s a little bit of spectacle creep, where Rukia definitely surrendered to save Ichigo and maybe Uryu, Orihime give in to protect Ichigo, Toshiro, Rangiku and maybe five others, so it’s less focused. Which isn’t inherently bad, but it feels like Ulquiorra didn’t know which of Orihime’s friends to put in peril, so he just threatened all of them. "You care for at least one of these twits, right? On that note we have the nihilistic captor Ulquiorra who contrasts with the optimistic Orihime so there’s something Kubo could work with. Unfortunately, that’s the only thing Orihime’s got going for her so we don’t get any real insight into her character when she’s captured. And to top it all off her kidnapping didn’t even amount to anything on the antagonist’s part, Aizen proclaims he no longer has any use for her and leaves her. Her role could had been replaced with either Uryu or Chad and nothing would really change. Fighters assemble! In order to save the damsel Ichigo must leave his world and enter the captor’s. To do so he seeks help from Kisuke who has access to gateways to other realms. However, at Urahara's shop Ichigo is surprised to find his friends there, he berates Chad, saying that he isn’t strong enough for the challenges ahead and Chad shuts him up. Once the party gets to the enemies stronghold they are divided and must fight their own battles. What’s different? There’s nothing inherently wrong with Ichigo going to Uruhara as that seems the best action to take. His portal worked for his group when they were venturing off to save Rukia, so seeking his aid to break into Hueco Mundo makes sense. Then we have the rescue team and here we have a parallel that has some significance, because the member count has gone from five to three, plus they have no wise guide like Yoruichi in the Soul Society arc. So right off the bat our heroes are facing more difficult circumstances. Chad also had a bit of an inferiority complex this time round (as do most of Ichigo’s friends,) so when Ichigo questions his strength he responds by punching him, classy. The actual location team Orihime end up in greatly differs from the Soul Society. Where in that setting we got to see what happened to the spirit inside the parakeet and what kind of environment Rukia grew up in. This time round in Hueco Mundo we get a desert, lots of running and characters so bored they’ve decided to play eternal tag, and our heroes join them! Orihime can wait, there's more important matters to attend to! The powers of friendship kinda fail. Chad is built up to be a power house, it is also hinted that he has more raw strength than Ichigo. He destroys someone who will never be brought up again and then proceeds to be obliterated by someone who actually matters, he’s the first member of the rescue squad to be defeated. Renji draws many parallels from Ichigo with the exception of being able to win anything. Ishida’s major battle is with a mad scientist who spouts way too much exposition for his own good. What’s different? Chad got his butt handed to him by Shunsui in the Soul Society, but that fight gave the reader a fair bit of information regarding the captain (aside from how strong he was.) Before their encounter every shinigami who could fight were trying to outright kill our heroes, a number of them had their funny moments but at the time, they were still classified as bad guys. Then Aizen was “killed” which started a conflict between the shinigami, blurring the lines a bit. When we finally got to Shunsui he’s a rather pleasant guy, even offering Chad the chance to turn back and when he refuses he offers him a beverage. I LIKE HIM! The point is this confrontation had a greater purpose, it showed that even the captains (the highest ranked shinigami,) can be perfectly likable people and why some of them take action to save Rukia near the end of the arc. With Nnoitra’s fight however, we learn that he outclasses Chad and that’s about it. Which wouldn’t be a problem if he didn’t have so much build up with orange-afro (an enemy who will never be mentioned again, ever) where Chad gave a long explanation as to how his new powers worked, then he immediately got crushed by Nnoitra, so his new powers don’t matter! While Renji loses every major fight he’s a part of in both arcs, he at least had a fair bit to contribute in the Soul Society arc, seeing as he was the first rival for that part of the story (so I’ll go into that in the next section.) In Hueco Mundo though, his most important fight was with Graz who he had nothing in common with, and it could be argued that it was mostly Uryu’s battle has he came up with the strategies to counter Graz’s plans. But again, Uryu’s fight in the Soul Society was a lot more engaging because he was facing character he hand a connection with, the man who killed his grandfather. With Graz however, Uryu is only fighting him because he thought an intellect last time, and no other reason. Final Bosses Ichigo’s first rival is both loud mouthed and rebellious. He goes against protocol just to settle the score with Ichigo as he was unsatisfied with how their last encounter went. Ichigo defeats this rival by using the skills he had mastered in the world of the living. The first rival has a lower rank than the second rival and their differences in strength are showcased in a brief fight. The super-serious, law abiding second rival however, is beyond Ichigo, causing his hollow side to take control and go berserk until he comes to his senses. Of course, this baffles the second rival. "Well that happened" What’s different? As mentioned before Renji was the first rival of the SS arc and he has a connection to Rukia and attempts to beat Ichigo to prove to himself that he’s strong enough to save her. But what’s also interesting is his fight with Byakuya (the second rival) because he shares the same motives as Ichigo and had recently unlocked his bankai (the final release of his sword which almost every captain can do) which our orange haired lead was also working on. So that fight gave the reader a number of expectations for the final confrontation with the second rival. Plus at the end of the fight Byakuya explains that Renji couldn’t beat him due to inexperience with his Banki, which results in an added layer of tension when Ichigo battles Byakuya. The first rival of the HM arc, Grimmjow, doesn’t have as strong a connection to Orihime or Ulquiorra (so their quick exchange was lacking.) Which isn’t necessarily bad, as long as his rivalry with Ichigo has a lot of focus, luckily it does. They fought twice in the world of the living with Ichigo coming out of the losing end on both occasions, unable to come to Rukia’s aid in the second showdown. This lead to an engaging final battle in Hueco Mundo where we get to see why Grimmjow feels the need to be the strongest there is. Unfortunately his arc has no closure as he literally gets kicked aside by the higher ranking bad guy right after the fight. And finally, we have the second rivals and the grand show down on the highest point of Soul Society/Hueco Mundo. The only real difference worth mentioning (that hasn’t been implied already) is that Ulquiorra has release two forms (for some reason.) This a pointless addition because no other Espada has two release forms and Ulquiorra didn’t need two, he had the upper hand on Ichigo so introducing a second release only served to needlessly pad out the fight. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - So, those are some of the most prevalent parallels between these two arcs. The presents of these similarities didn’t make the series decline into “god awful” territory (the next arc did that) it just made the manga stagnate a fair bit. The Hueco Mundo arc still had a lot of cool moments (Rukia’s conflict, which I didn’t cover, was a good read) but in the eyes of many it failed to recapture the quality of the Soul Society arc. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
