http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?144456-Kill-La-Kill/page5
[Action] Kill La Kill - Page 5
 Originally Posted by HiJack And of course, the day is saved by the power of friendship! Yaaaaaaaaaaaay... Seriously tho, I hope the show doesn't get overly complicated with this new Nui character. She's been the major focus two episodes now and I still have no idea how she's supposed to fit into the story.  Spoiler Unless she just turns out to be some arbitrary character who happened to kill Ryuko's dad The tables are turning back to Lady Satsuki though, after she stated that she was the one who sent Nui and still has all the answers Matoi-san wants to know. Now she's directly taking responsibility for the father's death, so let's see where Ryuko's focus shifts to now! I'm really wondering about Satsuki's motives though. This last while she's been feeling like the good guy, and her family seem like the crazy ones. Did she maybe claim to be the cause of Ryuko's father's death in order to draw Ryuko's focus away from Nui and prevent her from pursuing and being killed by Nui? But after Satsuki's revelation about perfecting the ultima suits and her declaration of global conquest... could it be that she really is pulling the strings? Hmmm.... Personally, I still think she's playing the part of a puppet herself. 
 Last edited by Ned; 12-20-2013 at 11:47 PM. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I just finished watching Attack on Titan and just started KILL la KILL. I haven't watched this much anime since high school. I'm relapsing. 
 ♫ I always feel like somebody's watching me. ♫
 Last episode was definitely one that started with a bang, just like the one before it ended. I'm sure that  Spoiler Ryuko will lose her senses, make her blood boil and cause Senketsu to go berserk again at one point in the show. Question is though, will Mako have to save the day again or will Ryuko actually manage to control this berserk mode Senketsu? This was one of those episodes that are tempting to just go and watch again. 
 
 Kill La Kill looks insane.... Insanely awesome and the fighting looks nuts, the sword speed is awesome 
 I absolutely loved ryuko. excellent character. But I could not get into this after 4 episodes. To me the anime was just to manic at times. especially with the dialog. I had to read so quick I couldn't really watch what was going on. The stuff with the uniforms was just starting to get over the top. I never watched sailor moon but had seen spurts. power up scenes in kill la kill looked like a super charged adult themed moon show. if you know what i mean. but baskin robins has 50 flavors for a reason. 
 ok. I got drawn back in. I guess it was the fact that this anime has a light mech quality to it. the other reason is the main character ryuko. this could have been a superb story with a few changes. I was still enjoying it ok till I got to the fight with the masochist bondage fetish discipline head. A guy who likes to be bound up in his power suit with a gag and beaten into a climax to bring out his power. Ryuko being whipped on the ass repeatedly while they were fighting didn't help matters much. I was trying not to take it to seriously but it wasn't comical. the times we are in I guess. 
 Well now that Ryoko lost Senketsu... 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 She still has a scrap (that apparently Satsuki left behind?!) 

 Yes, the part she was tightly clinging to. Must be the heart of Senketsu. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 This anime was meh.......Maybe its just me.But I say though....its getting pretty dark after this last episode....maybe that make the anime better to change in that way. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 I've seen every episode that has been released so far. This is certainly a good series with cool animation and interesting characters. Ryoko and Mako are awesome characters. I agree that the fan service bits aren't necessary but It doesn't kill the series. The plot progression up to now had been a bit sluggish, though I can start to see where this is going. I'm curious to see how Ryoko gets back into the fight after the events of the last episode. Overall I'm excited for the second half of the series and will wait til the series ends to pass judgment. 
 This is.. the Victory Road of Food! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 I'm picking this one up...need some new anime after finishing Shingeki no Kyojin and Valvrave. Hearing and reading some good things about Kill la Kill 
 !THANKS AOIDE FOR THE SIG!
 I've enjoyed the series so far, there are many absurd and awesome moments. The last episode was full of them. I found myself in awe at one moment and laughing at the insanity the next. Looking forward to the next episode! 
 I kinda liked the first three episodes, nothing special tho...absolutely hated the fourth episode. Does It get any better real quick? 
 It looks like we will get some answers in the next episode! Another insane episode in the books! The show is almost tiring to watch in a good way. @JoeyManga, the show does pick up the pace and has some great episodes in the middle of the series. 
 when this series will be finished? id rather watch it all than wait for new chapters release :/ 
 Best. Episode. Yet. 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 Originally Posted by Darrell01CL when this series will be finished? id rather watch it all than wait for new chapters release :/ If it keeps airing every week the series will wrap up on the 27th of March. So yay, we finally got to see Nudist Beach, not sure what to make of them. I was hoping for more glowing nipples, to the point where Aikuro would fire lasers out of them. But the chastity belt AT-STs were amusing enough. I was also a little bit disappointed with the animation at the start of the fight, hoping Trigger is just making sure that Ryuko and Satsuki's final battle isn't overshadowed by their penultimate confrontation (if that really was their second last showdown.) The rest of the fight was pretty cool though. 
 Quotes, Spoiler tags and more in this beginner's guide|Free Avatars for your A4 profile 
 The last few episodes were certainly epic in scale. The revelations this week were certainly suprising, though it is nice to get a more clear sense of the scope of the conflict. I also love that Mako is possibly going to get more involved, she is a real fun character to watch for sure. 
 vs. And a standoff at Nudist Beach... PS, the bath scene with Satsuki and her mom was the the most erotic thing yet in Kill la Kill. Great music behind it! 
Ned Yeung, A.C.E. cyclopsphoto.ca 
 It wasn't even erotic, just straight up creepy. Cool ep though, did not expect that reveal about the life fibers and kamui at all. 

 I'm starting to think Kill la Kill isn't going to be saving anime either. At least it kept my interest longer than Fractale. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 The life fiber reveal was really cool and creative in my opinion. That was one huge burning question for me that I'm glad they answered. 
 The whole idea of the clothing being some kind of alien life form is a little weird for me to accept just yet,but I have to admit that the series has given me quite the fun time while watching it.It just has so many of those stupid things that I like about anime.Nudisto beach unites people!Can't wait for more! 

