http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?136080-If-you-were-a-god/page3
 If you were a god... - Page 3
 A god? really hard question , for what what i use all my power or the time hmm... im sure i would get fast bored so i would do just stupid things 
 
 I would help those who deserve it (lots of money, perfect health/labido, and constant positive emotions and the power to make the right decision forever) if they ended up being an ******* I would take these granted powers away. I would ruin the lives and/or kill every person who deserves it (basically the opposite of above). If this person changed their ways I would grant them the powers that a good person deserves. If they got worse I would torture them to even greater lengths. 
 Some people have no objective. Some people just want to watch the world burn. I would be one of those people x) 

 First I would develop my technique and adopt an MO. Then I'd carry on normally until someone discovered what was up. When that happens, I'd just run with it. 
We are just 'one' within the 'all.' But only when those 'ones' gather together can 'all' exist. - Edward Elric. 
 I'd make more anime!!! XD 
 Well first and fore most, I would travel the world just randomly ****ing with people. you know just for shits and giggles. After I get board of that, randomly mess with the everything people have come to accept as indisputable fact, also for shits and giggles. afterward, create a floating continent island on which to create my citadel from where I will watch humanity cope with whatever it is that their dealing with, (possibly the fallout of my previous exploits) whilst being served by my team of servant/ slave/ maids (whatever you want to call them) and occasionally meddling with the world 
 If I was God I'll make Jesus black. Lolz 
http://www.youtube.com/user/5swordmaster?feature=guide Love - 5swordmaster
 If i was God i would give to the people who have love for others more power, i would speak to these people and tell them how to help others, i would give them small signs that their prayers are working, so they would push on to continue to pray. I would make karma happen faster so soon everyone who is mean or greedy would be afraid to be so, because every time they try they can feel the effects 

 If I were god, I'd be an invincible dictator. No value on life, since mine would be meaningless. So if someone annoys me or I am not happy with, good bye sir. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 I'd be really popular in highschool and I'd fly around in the sky Because I'm not sure what I'd do as god specifically as there is so much to do :P 
 I'd do mirai Nikki part 2. In all serious tho I would like to grant one wish then see where it takes them. Maybe teach some twisted lessons like the guy from twisted metal names calypso 

 If I was god, I would make another world! I'd also stop wars. But that's not possible. 
 Dubstep Chaos Theory - ShockOne l Siren - Kat Krazy ft Elkka l Faith - BlasterJaxx 
 If I were a god, I'd destroy all of the universe and replace everything with an exact replica. 
 If I was a god then I would kill other god like in campione 
  Spoiler 
 If I was god i would destroy all the other gods and make everyone obey me 
 Set made by Faerhen
 I would make a big bang so all the scientists could say that started the universe, but when asked what created the big bang they swiftly move on to the next topic. 
  Spoiler 
 If I were a God.Hmm,good question.I'd probably be those kinds where I'd be spiritual and heal and stuff. 

 If I could be a god, there's only one god I would be. 
 I'd be an all powerfull yet merciful god. The weather would reflect my mood and i would grant one wish to everyone per life span. 
 Knowing myself as I do probably be a very kind and just god. Rewarding good hearted people for their good deeds while punishing the wicked and evil depending on what crime they committed. If they stole something I'd just force them to return it. If they would harm someone who is innocent I would probably send them flying at a wall without killing them. If they killed someone I'd have them work hard for the family who is grieving over the lost loved one until I see that they know what they have done was not worth it and that there was no point in killing anyone. As a god I see no reason why ending wars would be impossible. Your a god, make them stop or serve punishment, however I would not rule by fear. End world hunger, end diseases. Basically make a paradise of eternal peace and happiness. Probably make several planets on which they could live as populations would surely rise largely. Everyone would only age to about 30 or so and be immortal from then on as you are already in paradise so why make a heaven? Death would be a thing of the past. Actually thought about this before. lol Thinking of it now though I'd imagine if someone did something so evil and heinous like killing a whole school of children I'd probably rip them to pieces in the most painful way imaginable... Only a demon would do such a thing and therefore do not deserve life or an afterlife, only pain and suffering for eternity. Too much maybe? 
 Proudly Watching Anime Since 2001 Current Anime I'm Watching: Cromartie High School, Sword Art Online, Tactics, Daily Lives Of High School Boys, Burst Angel, Squid Girl 
 If I was a god I would be a demon god tormenting people at my whim messing around with people at my lessure and I may be charitable to some who are truly worthy of my time 
 {individual 3} - join individual 11 - join the revolution! 
 ill just be a brutal ******* that can humanity understand how sht we are . 
 I'd be a pretty evil God. I'd probably go power hungry & take advantage of my power upon the human race. 

 I would make it rain ice cream and pudding...FREE ICE CREAM FOR EVERYONE!!!! 

 I show myself as a human. Nobody can know who i am. I just watch them and laugh. Sometimes change their lives by creating murderers or abusers. Or maybe fill people's hearths with unresistable desires and watch them how they kill each other. And ofcourse i charm girls and make all of them love me, obey me, follow me... If i hate someone just become a beast and start eatig him raw. I also may do trolling things for psychological experiments. What happens if Obama forgets everything he planing to do while speaking on TV? Or what if he says wrong things by losing his control.. I just want to watch people; what they do when a difficultie makes an appearance. I want to see panic and stupidness... 
  Spoiler Watch the video of her by clicking to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duiPO...tailpage#t=486 I need permanent love. I need to escape from my homeland. Bodies are just shell and gender is not important. I am just alone and this is boring as death.. And now, stop wasting my youth! Am i troll? No. Did i harm you? Never. I am harmless, so please love me. If you cry, i will cry more
