http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?141650-How-popular-well-known-are-you-on-A4/page4
[General Discussion] How popular/well-known are you on A4? - Page 4
 Originally Posted by MoSteel ^ The fact that you've been banned multiple times but somehow unbanned is beyond me. The corrupt mods keeping you on A4 is only hurting A4. From the looks of it you just seem to have a personal vendetta against the mods on A4 for whatever reason lol 
 I suppose I'm well known. Especially in the RP realm. But every where else besides the lol thread and general non anime chat, most people don't know me. I have lots of friends. But i don't talk to them often. The only one I talked to on a regular basis before he left was Morning star. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Originally Posted by BlackElement I suppose I'm well known. Especially in the RP realm. But every where else besides the lol thread and general non anime chat, most people don't know me. I have lots of friends. But i don't talk to them often. The only one I talked to on a regular basis before he left was Morning star. Yeah...throw me under the bus. You bastard!!!!!!!!! J/k. I wondered what happend to Morningstar, sad to hear he left. Anyway back on topic. Dunno if Im known, and hope that If I am known....its for good reasons. 
  Spoiler VIDEO GAME: Pokemon Black, Silent Hill 3, Yoshis's Island 2 ANIME:Chaos Head, Heaven's Lost Property, City Hunter, Aquarion Evol MANGA:Naruto, Bleach, Fairy Tale, Toriko, One Piece 
 I actually respect Mosteel from the viewpoint that despite his ignorance on a wide array of subjects he always sticks to his guns. Not too many people like that here. Although, that might not be the best reason to respect someone... 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 Originally Posted by DUNN x DOLO Yeah...throw me under the bus. You bastard!!!!!!!!! J/k. I wondered what happend to Morningstar, sad to hear he left. Anyway back on topic. Dunno if Im known, and hope that If I am known....its for good reasons. We talk often? 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Originally Posted by Cal I actually respect Mosteel from the viewpoint that despite his ignorance on a wide array of subjects he always sticks to his guns. Not too many people like that here. Although, that might not be the best reason to respect someone... I have a love hate with this guy... he hates me and I love him long time 
 Originally Posted by Cal I actually respect Mosteel from the viewpoint that despite his ignorance on a wide array of subjects he always sticks to his guns. Not too many people like that here. Although, that might not be the best reason to respect someone... 0/10 get out of here cal Hank is notorious rather than popular. But I occasionally enjoy some whips and cakes session with him. 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 i am not to well known on the forum i was at one point when i was new and did alot of accidental spamming and i got alot of mail from moderaters telling me to stop spamming and i was nominated for spammer/ troll of the year but when i figured out what spamming was and quit people forgot about me. but i dont like publicity that much the most well known person on the forum is probobly guy brush because he's always closing threads and stuff i dont know who the most popular is though. 
 join kaiju galaxy a site for all kaiju (giant monster fans) sign up is free and theres only one rule no trolls so please dont be a troll, grammer nazi ect... like alot of people are on this site.
 Originally Posted by Lu The Great Space Pirate 0/10 get out of here cal Hank is notorious rather than popular. But I occasionally enjoy some whips and cakes session with him. I tried 
 Uvo-San, Can you hear it? The requiem we're offering you? -Chrollo Lucifer ​Thanks to AvataarAng and Kyouks for sig
 Not hard enough cal, not hard enough. I think a fair amount if people like me. Or atleast I like to imagine that. 
  Spoiler Credit to FAWXII. She's awesome. Credit to Aoide for avatar and Signature. Like teh roleplay? Come join us! But please stay connected with your role playing buddies! 
 Originally Posted by the1who0nethewest i am not to well known on the forum i was at one point when i was new and did alot of accidental spamming and i got alot of mail from moderaters telling me to stop spamming and i was nominated for spammer/ troll of the year but when i figured out what spamming was and quit people forgot about me. but i dont like publicity that much the most well known person on the forum is probobly guy brush because he's always closing threads and stuff i dont know who the most popular is though. XD I have to agree with you, I don't see Guybrush posting but instead, closing down threads :> And I think you're pretty popular, I see you on most of the threads that I venture though ^^ Originally Posted by BlackElement Not hard enough cal, not hard enough. I think a fair amount if people like me. Or atleast I like to imagine that. I like you ! 
 
 I'm Seeker. I'm generally known throughout this site. In worse ways then better ones. There is always room for change though. 
 Uhhhh, I have no idea... I mean, I don't really care about being popular on an internet forum. ._. I suppose a lot of users would know me since I've been around since 2007 and have only dropped off once in awhile. I still don't post much these days since entering university. Just be thankful I'm not like how I was in my earlier days. 
Le vent se lève! Il faut tenter de vivre! - Paul Valéry 
 Originally Posted by ~*Shi*~ Uhhhh, I have no idea... I mean, I don't really care about being popular on an internet forum. ._. I suppose a lot of users would know me since I've been around since 2007 and have only dropped off once in awhile. I still don't post much these days since entering university. Just be thankful I'm not like how I was in my earlier days. First time I seen you - but I'm relatively new though so. And its not a fact of caring or not :P I think its most interesting to see how people place themselves in a mindset on their own 'popularity' ^^ hehe 
 
 Nobody knows me. Only Taka, cos only Taka loves me 
 @ShikinamiDesu You can also find me on Hummingbird! 
 Originally Posted by Shikinami_ Nobody knows me. Only Taka, cos only Taka loves me Your Avatar explains it all. 
  Spoiler 
 Originally Posted by Randoms Your Avatar explains it all. Startin' beef 'bout Rei-chan? OH NAH YOU DIN'T. 
 @ShikinamiDesu You can also find me on Hummingbird! 
 Originally Posted by Shikinami_ Startin' beef 'bout Rei-chan? OH NAH YOU DIN'T. See, nobody likes your fatties. It's all about Eila and Sanya. Accept it. 
 [3/29/2013 7:19:29 PM] sea ferret: LOL [3/29/2013 7:19:56 PM] sea ferret: I HEREBY ENDORSE THIS BROKEN LU [3/29/2013 7:20:05 PM] sea ferret: BEST SIMULWATCHER 
 Originally Posted by Lu The Great Space Pirate See, nobody likes your fatties. It's all about Eila and Sanya. Accept it. LIES. ITS ALL ABOUT THE HOMUHOMU RIPOFFS. Homusexual fo' lyfe. 
 @ShikinamiDesu You can also find me on Hummingbird! 
 Originally Posted by shikinami_ nobody knows me. Only taka, cos only taka loves me DONT WORRY Shiki! I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU! 
 Credit to Token for the signature! poke him if you want one 8D Check out the Osu! and the Wallpaper Thread
 I'm apparently known more than I thought I was. Always thought never knew of my existence besides in the RP realm. 
 Signature By NorwegianMoose. Thanks again!!
 Originally Posted by Shikinami_ Homusexual fo' lyfe. ROFL! Funniest thing I ever heard >.> <3 Homu. Also I'm curious, is there anyone with 20+ posts who DOESN'T know me on this forum lol? 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Upon answering that question they will have met you and thus have known you, and thus their answer will be void. 
  Spoiler 
 Well this thread is an exception. 
Anime watched: 73 My Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/Uatemydoodle Kpop Thread: http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...4-K-pop-Anyone 
 Originally Posted by Takera DONT WORRY Shiki! I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU! Too bad I can't 'NEVER FORGET HIM' because I never even seen him before QnQ Originally Posted by Pured ROFL! Funniest thing I ever heard >.> <3 Homu. Also I'm curious, is there anyone with 20+ posts who DOESN'T know me on this forum lol? Pured, why are you even asking this question? You're like a plague, everywhere D: Wait that sounds so mean v___v; Originally Posted by Paper Box I'm apparently known more than I thought I was. Always thought never knew of my existence besides in the RP realm. Now I will have to dive in the RP realm [never been there] and see you post - first time I seen you ~ so hai ! 
 
