http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?160007-Hard-drive-disk-malfunction
 Hard drive/disk malfunction?
 I've had a persistent problem with my computer that whenever I open up a game or skype it causes my pc to crash and mute sound. I temporarily fixed the problem (or so I thought) by reinstalling/updating my drivers. I thought I had it fixed unti it wouldn't let me play a different game, but it seemed to be working better than before. I do a couple of more scans using various programs as well as system scan but nothing to indicate it's a virus;seems to be a software problem. I do more scans and one of the scans tells me that my logitech is causing problems with my registry. I try to remove the logitech software (outdated) but it freezes and It wouldn't let terminate it. I reboot my computer only to tell me that my login service didn't work and it wouldn't let me log in. I go to safe mode and I manage to do a system restore. I attempt one more time to uninstall the software the conventional way again but it freezes one more, and when it freezes this time it says that I can't access my desktop, and i can't seem to access a bunch of files (music,desktop etc). As I attempt to do another task it freezes even worse and it crashes my windows explorer, deleting all the icons on my desktop and unable to access some files. I attempt to a system restore but it wont let me, multiple times. I also run a bunch of disk checks several times before I go to sleep with nothng working. i ended up using another program to manually remove logitech (which it did) but for some reason it ended up deleting a huge portion of my hard drive. It went from 50 gb left on your pc, to 670 gb left on your hard drive. It's prob nothing to do with logitech and prob just my hard drive being ****ed up. https://www.raymond.cc/blog/how-to-r...-and-scandisk/ thinking about using this to maybe recover the files? http://support.wdc.com/product/downl...&sid=3&lang=en also attempted to do a DLG for windows but it says windows wasn't working when I was trying to run this. I lost all my music, pictures, various things on desktop, and so many movies i had downloaded. I almost cried manly tears out of frustration. This is a tragedy. Any suggestions? 
