http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?157610-(spoilers)Summer-Wars-movie-question
[Anime] (spoilers)Summer Wars movie question ?
 So watched Summer Wars like late last night till about 2.30 in the morning and I can just say that's the best anime movie I have watched and it was a good way to spend the night for me. But like with everything there becomes questions that pop into my brain. So watching Summer Wars you can notice that OZ is more of a better imaginated version of the Internet we know, but still ridiculous, because why would we keep all our data in one place, Well it seems that the people of the world in Summer Wars trust OZ's so called 'full proof security', that was no doubt figured out in less than one night by Kenji. Now this is where my question comes from. Is it really possible to decode with our human mind such encryptions and how is remotely possible for you to decode numbers and translate them to words......What kind of math topic is this man? So can someone explain if this is possible. TL;DR How can one decode advance encryptions, and how can one translate this to words and what kind of Math Topic is this? PS : The guy that invented OZ must of spent a lot of time to optimize for it work on computers, handheld consoles and even phones. 
~Twigggg~ My blog : http://metrostudios.tumblr.com/ 
 Summer Wars is also my favorite anime movie but as far as decoding encryptions goes I suppose it is possible, but I think there would have to be some kind of system where digits and numbers translate to letters and or words. Like 1=A, 2=B ect... Im just as curious as you and I would love to find out the answer to your question, this is just my 2 cent on the topic. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 It's not a type of math as it is an understanding/comprehension of numbers. Kind of like the Movie, 'A Beautiful Mind,' when he does some code breaking. This is simply a work of a mathematician. 
http://goo.gl/t0tyjG - Anime List
 Ya! what the last two people said 
"Happy Stories just stop in the middle."
