http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?120722-What-are-you-currently-Playing/page59
 What are you currently Playing? - Page 59
 Playing The Wolf Among Us... Telltale make some really simple games, gameplay wise, but great stories. Really Like it. Gonna play Shadow Of The Colossus again after that. 
 Last edited by Hell Girl; 02-04-2015 at 08:02 PM. 

 Playing Skyrim on PC. 
 It was only a matter of time... Now I am one with the night and stars again... Thank you, Rhyme's Law, for your signature art work.
 Does anybody play LoL or PS4 c; 
 Just finished playing some arcade fighters with a friend over Fightcade. Street Fighter Alpha 3, King of Fighters 2002, and Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, which was a whole lotta fun. I hadn't played any of the Jojo games before, but I really enjoyed it this time around. 
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon http://myanimelist.net/profile/Novaire Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Darkest Dungeon. Didn't bother paying for it, but it's fun. Hard as ****, but the art style, setting, tone, and gameplay are enjoyable enough to keep at it. 
 Go now. Our journey is done. And may we meet again, in the clearing, at the end of the path. ^____^ 8/6/12 Never Forget | #atleastididntcyberadude | 8/21/13 also Never Forget
 I'm going to start a new playthrough of XCOM: Enemy Within later today. So, while I re-download that, I'm playing some of Dying Light. I also picked up Kid Icarus: Uprising and Dillon's Rolling Western from the Club Nintendo closure. Haven't gotten to play much of Kid Icarus yet, but I did play about half an hour of the later, and I gotta say, it's actually pretty fun. 
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon http://myanimelist.net/profile/Novaire Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Right now, Injustice. Am working my way through tlou, sleeping dogs and dragon age though 
 Recently bought Hyper Dimensional Neptunia: ReBirth on Steam and I have to say it's not as much of a cake walk as I expected it to be. And it's not nearly as ecchi driven as one would think. I almost didn't get to play it but, somehow my older laptop met the criteria needed to do so. It was on sale for $14.99 how could I say no? So far, Pros: Cute bright characters and style, graphics are rich and clean, nice comedic relief that is great for hardcore gamers, actually rather challenging. Cons: Enemies are pretty poorly done, battles can be very long, World map type of menu rather than moving around place to place. (Personal dislike I enjoy traveling in games ) 
 Add me on MAL: http://myanimelist.net/animelist/thekingofhorror
 About to finish the latest chapter in Telltales Game of Thrones. Just about to start American mcgee's Alice and alice: madness returns. Have played the second and always wanted to play the first, but never got to. So am glad it's download able for free with madness returns. Remember some of the platform/jumping controls to be a little clunky, but did enot the atmosphere and story. 

 Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. Riding that hype train to the Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate + New Nintendo 3DS release this upcoming Friday.  Spoiler 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Super Smash Bros 4 for the 3DS. I like the whole concept of the game even though I am a total newbie to the series. Unfortunately, I am no good at fighting games in general, so I struggle even against the CPU sometimes, let alone real players. My reaction speed and dexterity are pretty bad. It also does not help that I main Palutena, whom is pretty difficult to use in general, but the game is pretty fun. We should totally have an A4 Smash thread. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I bit the bullet and bought a Wii U yesterday. I got the Super Mario Land 3D bundle with Nintendoland, along with Smash Brothers. I've gotta say, I actually kind of love the gamepad. I wasn't terribly enthused about it before, but it really works great, and just the utility of being able to take a game or a video app like Netflix with me from room to room with no extra effort is really cool. I also picked up Earthbound with my remaining Club Nintendo coins. Super Mario Land 3D is actually quite a bit of fun too. Never been big on the 3D Mario games outside of Sunshine, but I played it with my brother, and I had a good time with it. Both it and Nintendoland are really nice pack-ins. I had played the demo of Smash Bros. for the 3DS, and I wasn't big on it, perhaps because of the roster, but Smash is kind of a necessary purchase with Nintendo consoles. I played for about 7 hours yesterday, and I enjoyed the Wii U version a lot more. Lil' Mac and Shulk were the two most interesting characters for me, outside of Robin, who I haven't really gotten around to properly trying yet, and both are pretty rad, I even went on a win streak with Shulk last night. I also managed to jump the side of the stage with Lil' Mac's forward smash about 20 times in one day, heh. 
 Last edited by Novaire; 02-09-2015 at 02:59 PM. 
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon http://myanimelist.net/profile/Novaire Anime-Planet.com - anime | manga | reviews
 Too bad Little Mac has no air game and horrible range. 
 喜びの糸はカノン紡ぎ出す
 I've lessen down on Forza 5 once I got my 2010 enzo and my master chief collection and now I've added Sunset Overdrive to the library. It's great, its like Grand Theft Auto meets classic Tony Hawk Pro Skater which is straight up in my ally. 
 Originally Posted by blknge89 I've lessen down on Forza 5 once I got my 2010 enzo and my master chief collection and now I've added Sunset Overdrive to the library. It's great, its like Grand Theft Auto meets classic Tony Hawk Pro Skater which is straight up in my ally. How is sunset overdrive? I see your description but I was wondering: Is it like infamous? From what I've seen it seems like a light hearted version of the free roaming infamous. Though it'll be awhile before I get another game. I've got too many to go through right now. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 How is sunset overdrive? I see your description but I was wondering: Is it like infamous? From what I've seen it seems like a light hearted version of the free roaming infamous. Though it'll be awhile before I get another game. I've got too many to go through right now. Actually... its exactly like Infamous, take that game, add tony hawk pro skater, boom. 
 Originally Posted by blknge89 Actually... its exactly like Infamous, take that game, add tony hawk pro skater, boom. Wow I guess I had it pegged after all!!! Thanks for the confirmation. I'll stick it in the back of my mind for when I'm ready for a new game. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
