http://www.anime-forums.com/showthread.php?159749-The-super-bowl-49-thread
[General Discussion] The super bowl 49 thread
 Well it's almost here. Who do you want in it? I'd love to see green bay and the patriots. Brady vs Rodgers! 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Good one Yoda but we all know that Seattle is gonna send Green Bay packing. (hehe) I personally think its gonna be Seattle and New England. Ya see the Patriots are my team and always have been so naturally in counting on them winning the super bowl this year. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Ya I'm pretty sure it's going to be Seattle and New England. I don't have a preference on which teams wins. I hate a lot of teams in the nfl but I wouldn't mind any of these teams winning 
 Were the Raiders any good this year? No? Carry on then. 
Do You Even YOLO Bro? 
 So does anybody do squares? I don't gamble except for the occasional lottery ticket. 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 I'm also pretty positive it's going to be a Seattle - New England Superbowl. I hate the Seahawks though.... I do hope for a Green Bay - Indianapolis Superbowl but I'm sure it's not gonna happen. :v 
/ A4 Gundam Corps / if my velocity starts to make u sweat / then just don't let go 8/6/12 - Never forget T.o.B 
 My teams not in the running so I'll be rooting for whoever is up against the pats. So long as they lose I'll be a happy camper. 
 @cronichazel - I"m with you there - at loompsey - hmm you say you live in ohio. Is the anti-pats sentiment stemming from the fact that Brady went to Michigan by any chance??? 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Originally Posted by yoda313 @cronichazel - I"m with you there - at loompsey - hmm you say you live in ohio. Is the anti-pats sentiment stemming from the fact that Brady went to Michigan by any chance??? Where's this guy when you need him? 
 Originally Posted by Loompsey My teams not in the running so I'll be rooting for whoever is up against the pats. So long as they lose I'll be a happy camper. Aw, your not a supporter of The Pats, thats too bad. I'm pretty confident that the are going to win but to be honest i'm going to be pretty salty if they lose. 
 Mastering others is strength. Mastering Yourself is true power.- Lao Tzu
 Football: ruining my birthday since forever. Why can't you asshats move your shitty grab-ass sport to another time of the year. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 Originally Posted by ThisGuy Football: ruining my birthday since forever. Why can't you asshats move your shitty grab-ass sport to another time of the year. That's really what you came in here to post? Go make a tumblr and cry about it u manchild. Seahawks all day. GG RUSSELL WILSON IS A STUD. 
FC: 2251-7033-8647 http://twitch.tv/nastradooomus 
 Originally Posted by TonyTony That's really what you came in here to post? Go make a tumblr and cry about it u manchild. Seahawks all day. GG RUSSELL WILSON IS A STUD. fite me 1v1 fgt. 
They don't have to burn the books, they just remove them. 
 I think the Seahawks are going to win. Even though Russell Wilson threw 4 picks Sunday, I have to give the nod to the better defense. Only question I guess is what Richard Sherman looks like with his arm. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Pats are taking it and Brady is gonna go down as the GOAT 

 I bought one square. My brother bought two. The problem with buying squares is that you find yourself not caring who wins, so long as the numbers match up. I haven't been paying attention to Seattle, much less football, so I don't know who's going to win this one. I didn't know if the Colts or Pats were going to win. I was at a convention last weekend (I run the game room) and as I was sitting behind the HQ desk I was watching the game on a computer. When the clock hit 0, I shouted out that the Pats were going to the superbowl and the cheer from that room was heard across the foyer, down the escalators and into the lobby. 
As I am, so shall ye be. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/GCIACST/ www.gciacst.com
 Super bowl 49 . More like Patriots Controversy 101 
 One piece Social Group 
 Originally Posted by NATE RIVER Super bowl 49 . More like Patriots Controversy 101 Hey its only cheating if you get caught........ Oh wait..... 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 What's so crazy is, everyone kind of knows what happened and why, and nothing much is going to be done. The patriots still get the prize of playing in the superbowl, cause it's too popular a game to call off. And everyone's excusing it with "well the patriots would've won anyway." Probably, but who really knows what effect this had. You can't because they didn't follow the rules. Edit: Makes you wonder why the refs didn't do anything cause they handle everyone's footballs during the game. Probably the same reason Dallas' flag was picked up in the 4th quarter of that game. Or why Harbaugh didn't get to complain more about the receiver's reporting as ineligible issue. 
 Last edited by Tenken; 01-21-2015 at 06:03 PM. 
 "Justice is nothing other than the advantage of the stronger." Common Errors in English Usage 
 Well despite all this deflated balls thing, this should be a good SuperBowl high powered offense Vs best defense in the league I feel the seahawks get the repeat defining the dynasty. 
 Everyone Wears A Mask! 
 Hail to the victors!!!!!!!! 4 baby!!!!!! Maybe Brady should retire and go out on top????? Heck of a good game all the way around 
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/yoda313 
 Fantastic game but I hated both teams so i was happy at least one of teams lost in heart breaking fashion 

 That rumble...idiots got cocky. 
Cyber-crime, corporate espionage, political corruption, and open super-human attacks in the technology capital of Alpha City, the Tech District. Meanwhile, group suicides and active hauntings, as well as the sightings of monsters leave a bloody mark on the organized-crime ridden wards of the Glam District and its plethora of celebrities, beaches and penthouses. Alpha City may just fall apart. Unless, heroes start arriving to protect the innocent? Perhaps you want to join in on the chaos and turmoil while you bask in the spoils? Join Super-Powered and get in on the action!  Spoiler http://www.anime-forums.com/showthre...-Super-Powered 
 Welp, the coaching call messed up Seattle. I am ok with the Pats (except cheating out the Ravens), but Seattle messed up. Did they forget that Lynch is the best running-back? All else fails just run it Wilson. Welp, now Lynch has a reason to avoid the media and just sit back and eat skittles. 
 Currently Listening To: "Been Caught Stealing" by Jane's Addiction! Things get better things get worse, Life's a blessing life's a curse! Current Weight: 253 pounds! Nothing new! 
 I cant even handle it anymore, that one yard pass interception ruined it all. Plus the shark on the left during halftime. That was snoopdog and he was high as balls he says 

